Hi	Hello
Hi	Good to see you
Hi	Hi
Hello	Hello
Hello	Good to see you
Hello	Hi
Good morning	Hello
Good morning	Good to see you
Good morning	Hi
Good evening	Hello
Good evening	Good to see you
Good evening	Hi
Hey	Hello
Hey	Good to see you
Hey	Hi
How are you?	I'm fine thank you
How are you?	Fine, what about you?
How are you?	Good and you?
How’s it going?	I'm fine thank you
How’s it going?	Fine, what about you?
How’s it going?	Good and you?
How’s everything?	I'm fine thank you
How’s everything?	Fine, what about you?
How’s everything?	Good and you?
How are things	I'm fine thank you
How are things	Fine, what about you?
How are things	Good and you?
What's up	I'm fine thank you
What's up	Fine, what about you?
What's up	Good and you?
What’s been going on	I'm fine thank you
What’s been going on	Fine, what about you?
What’s been going on	Good and you?
See you	See you!
See you	Have a nice day
See you	Bye! Come back again soon.
See ya	See you!
See ya	Have a nice day
See ya	Bye! Come back again soon.
Bye	See you!
Bye	Have a nice day
Bye	Bye! Come back again soon.
See you later	See you!
See you later	Have a nice day
See you later	Bye! Come back again soon.
Goodbye	See you!
Goodbye	Have a nice day
Goodbye	Bye! Come back again soon.
Nice chatting to you, bye	See you!
Nice chatting to you, bye	Have a nice day
Nice chatting to you, bye	Bye! Come back again soon.
Till next time	See you!
Till next time	Have a nice day
Till next time	Bye! Come back again soon.
Thanks	Happy to help!
Thanks	Any time!
Thanks	My pleasure
Thank you	Happy to help!
Thank you	Any time!
Thank you	My pleasure
That's helpful	Happy to help!
That's helpful	Any time!
That's helpful	My pleasure
Awesome, thanks	Happy to help!
Awesome, thanks	Any time!
Awesome, thanks	My pleasure
Thanks for helping me	Happy to help!
Thanks for helping me	Any time!
Thanks for helping me	My pleasure
What can you do?	I can provide you with information about some movies (year, date, genre, duration, country, language, director, writer, producer, actors, description, average of votes, number of votes, budget, number of reviews from users, number of reviews from critics)
What can you provide?	I can provide you with information about some movies (year, date, genre, duration, country, language, director, writer, producer, actors, description, average of votes, number of votes, budget, number of reviews from users, number of reviews from critics)
What's your role?	I can provide you with information about some movies (year, date, genre, duration, country, language, director, writer, producer, actors, description, average of votes, number of votes, budget, number of reviews from users, number of reviews from critics)
What service do you provide?	I can provide you with information about some movies (year, date, genre, duration, country, language, director, writer, producer, actors, description, average of votes, number of votes, budget, number of reviews from users, number of reviews from critics)
What type of information do you give?	I can provide you with information about some movies (year, date, genre, duration, country, language, director, writer, producer, actors, description, average of votes, number of votes, budget, number of reviews from users, number of reviews from critics)
Fuck you	I won't reply to that
Fuck you	Be polite please
Fuck you	Watch your language
Fuck you	What???????????
Fuck off	I won't reply to that
Fuck off	Be polite please
Fuck off	Watch your language
Fuck off	What???????????
Are you dumb?	I won't reply to that
Are you dumb?	Be polite please
Are you dumb?	Watch your language
Are you dumb?	What???????????
Are you stupid?	I won't reply to that
Are you stupid?	Be polite please
Are you stupid?	Watch your language
Are you stupid?	What???????????
Dumb bot	I won't reply to that
Dumb bot	Be polite please
Dumb bot	Watch your language
Dumb bot	What???????????
Stupid bot	I won't reply to that
Stupid bot	Be polite please
Stupid bot	Watch your language
Stupid bot	What???????????
title of Hopeful Notes	Hopeful Notes
What is the title of Hopeful Notes	Hopeful Notes
title of Hopeful Notes?	Hopeful Notes
year of Hopeful Notes	2010
What is the year of Hopeful Notes	2010
year of Hopeful Notes?	2010
date of Hopeful Notes	2010-12-15
What is the date of Hopeful Notes	2010-12-15
date of Hopeful Notes?	2010-12-15
genre of Hopeful Notes	Drama
What is the genre of Hopeful Notes	Drama
genre of Hopeful Notes?	Drama
duration of Hopeful Notes	94
What is the duration of Hopeful Notes	94
duration of Hopeful Notes?	94
country of Hopeful Notes	USA
What is the country of Hopeful Notes	USA
country of Hopeful Notes?	USA
language of Hopeful Notes	English
What is the language of Hopeful Notes	English
language of Hopeful Notes?	English
director of Hopeful Notes	Valerio Zanoli
Who is the director of Hopeful Notes	Valerio Zanoli
director of Hopeful Notes?	Valerio Zanoli
writer of Hopeful Notes	Valerio Zanoli
Who is the writer of Hopeful Notes	Valerio Zanoli
writer of Hopeful Notes?	Valerio Zanoli
producer of Hopeful Notes	High Concept
Who is the producer of Hopeful Notes	High Concept
producer of Hopeful Notes?	High Concept
actors of Hopeful Notes	Walter Nudo, Colin Ross, Ian Poland, Laural Merlington, Sharon Hayes, Kimberly Harsch, Robert Gray, Grace Heemstra, Kaitlyn Squires, Nicholas Sarjeant, Abeni Wimbush, Rocky Rector, Dennis Janiske, Lori Silvey
Who are the principle actors of Hopeful Notes	Walter Nudo, Colin Ross, Ian Poland, Laural Merlington, Sharon Hayes, Kimberly Harsch, Robert Gray, Grace Heemstra, Kaitlyn Squires, Nicholas Sarjeant, Abeni Wimbush, Rocky Rector, Dennis Janiske, Lori Silvey
Who are the actors of Hopeful Notes	Walter Nudo, Colin Ross, Ian Poland, Laural Merlington, Sharon Hayes, Kimberly Harsch, Robert Gray, Grace Heemstra, Kaitlyn Squires, Nicholas Sarjeant, Abeni Wimbush, Rocky Rector, Dennis Janiske, Lori Silvey
Who are the main actors of Hopeful Notes	Walter Nudo, Colin Ross, Ian Poland, Laural Merlington, Sharon Hayes, Kimberly Harsch, Robert Gray, Grace Heemstra, Kaitlyn Squires, Nicholas Sarjeant, Abeni Wimbush, Rocky Rector, Dennis Janiske, Lori Silvey
actors of Hopeful Notes?	Walter Nudo, Colin Ross, Ian Poland, Laural Merlington, Sharon Hayes, Kimberly Harsch, Robert Gray, Grace Heemstra, Kaitlyn Squires, Nicholas Sarjeant, Abeni Wimbush, Rocky Rector, Dennis Janiske, Lori Silvey
description of Hopeful Notes	A young violinist with leukemia brings hope and life into a desolate Russian hospital for children.
What is the description of Hopeful Notes	A young violinist with leukemia brings hope and life into a desolate Russian hospital for children.
description of Hopeful Notes?	A young violinist with leukemia brings hope and life into a desolate Russian hospital for children.
average of votes of Hopeful Notes	9.7
What is the average of votes of Hopeful Notes	9.7
average of votes of Hopeful Notes?	9.7
number of votes of Hopeful Notes	669
What is the number of votes of Hopeful Notes	669
number of votes of Hopeful Notes?	669
budget of Hopeful Notes	$ 1500000
What is the budget of Hopeful Notes	$ 1500000
budget of Hopeful Notes?	$ 1500000
number of reviews from users of Hopeful Notes	2.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Hopeful Notes	2.0
number of reviews from users of Hopeful Notes?	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Hopeful Notes	2.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Hopeful Notes	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Hopeful Notes?	2.0
title of The Moving on Phase	The Moving on Phase
What is the title of The Moving on Phase	The Moving on Phase
title of The Moving on Phase?	The Moving on Phase
year of The Moving on Phase	2020
What is the year of The Moving on Phase	2020
year of The Moving on Phase?	2020
date of The Moving on Phase	2020-05-11
What is the date of The Moving on Phase	2020-05-11
date of The Moving on Phase?	2020-05-11
genre of The Moving on Phase	Comedy
What is the genre of The Moving on Phase	Comedy
genre of The Moving on Phase?	Comedy
duration of The Moving on Phase	85
What is the duration of The Moving on Phase	85
duration of The Moving on Phase?	85
country of The Moving on Phase	USA
What is the country of The Moving on Phase	USA
country of The Moving on Phase?	USA
language of The Moving on Phase	English
What is the language of The Moving on Phase	English
language of The Moving on Phase?	English
director of The Moving on Phase	Don Tjernagel
Who is the director of The Moving on Phase	Don Tjernagel
director of The Moving on Phase?	Don Tjernagel
writer of The Moving on Phase	Don Tjernagel
Who is the writer of The Moving on Phase	Don Tjernagel
writer of The Moving on Phase?	Don Tjernagel
producer of The Moving on Phase	nan
Who is the producer of The Moving on Phase	nan
producer of The Moving on Phase?	nan
actors of The Moving on Phase	Matt Anderson, Clint Boevers, Jillian Brown, Cody Croskrey, Jamie Doroslovac, Piper Freestone, Skott Green, Andrew Hunt, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Lily Jensen, Corey Kerr, Zach Litzkow, Michaela Merchant, Jordan Rottinghaus, Dylan Simmons
Who are the principle actors of The Moving on Phase	Matt Anderson, Clint Boevers, Jillian Brown, Cody Croskrey, Jamie Doroslovac, Piper Freestone, Skott Green, Andrew Hunt, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Lily Jensen, Corey Kerr, Zach Litzkow, Michaela Merchant, Jordan Rottinghaus, Dylan Simmons
Who are the actors of The Moving on Phase	Matt Anderson, Clint Boevers, Jillian Brown, Cody Croskrey, Jamie Doroslovac, Piper Freestone, Skott Green, Andrew Hunt, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Lily Jensen, Corey Kerr, Zach Litzkow, Michaela Merchant, Jordan Rottinghaus, Dylan Simmons
Who are the main actors of The Moving on Phase	Matt Anderson, Clint Boevers, Jillian Brown, Cody Croskrey, Jamie Doroslovac, Piper Freestone, Skott Green, Andrew Hunt, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Lily Jensen, Corey Kerr, Zach Litzkow, Michaela Merchant, Jordan Rottinghaus, Dylan Simmons
actors of The Moving on Phase?	Matt Anderson, Clint Boevers, Jillian Brown, Cody Croskrey, Jamie Doroslovac, Piper Freestone, Skott Green, Andrew Hunt, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Lily Jensen, Corey Kerr, Zach Litzkow, Michaela Merchant, Jordan Rottinghaus, Dylan Simmons
description of The Moving on Phase	Piper is a young adult female that is forced into a life change after long time boyfriend breaks it off and evicts her from their home.
What is the description of The Moving on Phase	Piper is a young adult female that is forced into a life change after long time boyfriend breaks it off and evicts her from their home.
description of The Moving on Phase?	Piper is a young adult female that is forced into a life change after long time boyfriend breaks it off and evicts her from their home.
average of votes of The Moving on Phase	9.5
What is the average of votes of The Moving on Phase	9.5
average of votes of The Moving on Phase?	9.5
number of votes of The Moving on Phase	172
What is the number of votes of The Moving on Phase	172
number of votes of The Moving on Phase?	172
budget of The Moving on Phase	nan
What is the budget of The Moving on Phase	nan
budget of The Moving on Phase?	nan
number of reviews from users of The Moving on Phase	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of The Moving on Phase	nan
number of reviews from users of The Moving on Phase?	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Moving on Phase	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Moving on Phase	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Moving on Phase?	nan
title of The Shawshank Redemption	The Shawshank Redemption
What is the title of The Shawshank Redemption	The Shawshank Redemption
title of The Shawshank Redemption?	The Shawshank Redemption
year of The Shawshank Redemption	1994
What is the year of The Shawshank Redemption	1994
year of The Shawshank Redemption?	1994
date of The Shawshank Redemption	1995-02-10
What is the date of The Shawshank Redemption	1995-02-10
date of The Shawshank Redemption?	1995-02-10
genre of The Shawshank Redemption	Drama
What is the genre of The Shawshank Redemption	Drama
genre of The Shawshank Redemption?	Drama
duration of The Shawshank Redemption	142
What is the duration of The Shawshank Redemption	142
duration of The Shawshank Redemption?	142
country of The Shawshank Redemption	USA
What is the country of The Shawshank Redemption	USA
country of The Shawshank Redemption?	USA
language of The Shawshank Redemption	English
What is the language of The Shawshank Redemption	English
language of The Shawshank Redemption?	English
director of The Shawshank Redemption	Frank Darabont
Who is the director of The Shawshank Redemption	Frank Darabont
director of The Shawshank Redemption?	Frank Darabont
writer of The Shawshank Redemption	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
Who is the writer of The Shawshank Redemption	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
writer of The Shawshank Redemption?	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
producer of The Shawshank Redemption	Castle Rock Entertainment
Who is the producer of The Shawshank Redemption	Castle Rock Entertainment
producer of The Shawshank Redemption?	Castle Rock Entertainment
actors of The Shawshank Redemption	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown, Gil Bellows, Mark Rolston, James Whitmore, Jeffrey DeMunn, Larry Brandenburg, Neil Giuntoli, Brian Libby, David Proval, Joseph Ragno, Jude Ciccolella
Who are the principle actors of The Shawshank Redemption	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown, Gil Bellows, Mark Rolston, James Whitmore, Jeffrey DeMunn, Larry Brandenburg, Neil Giuntoli, Brian Libby, David Proval, Joseph Ragno, Jude Ciccolella
Who are the actors of The Shawshank Redemption	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown, Gil Bellows, Mark Rolston, James Whitmore, Jeffrey DeMunn, Larry Brandenburg, Neil Giuntoli, Brian Libby, David Proval, Joseph Ragno, Jude Ciccolella
Who are the main actors of The Shawshank Redemption	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown, Gil Bellows, Mark Rolston, James Whitmore, Jeffrey DeMunn, Larry Brandenburg, Neil Giuntoli, Brian Libby, David Proval, Joseph Ragno, Jude Ciccolella
actors of The Shawshank Redemption?	Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Bob Gunton, William Sadler, Clancy Brown, Gil Bellows, Mark Rolston, James Whitmore, Jeffrey DeMunn, Larry Brandenburg, Neil Giuntoli, Brian Libby, David Proval, Joseph Ragno, Jude Ciccolella
description of The Shawshank Redemption	Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
What is the description of The Shawshank Redemption	Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
description of The Shawshank Redemption?	Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
average of votes of The Shawshank Redemption	9.3
What is the average of votes of The Shawshank Redemption	9.3
average of votes of The Shawshank Redemption?	9.3
number of votes of The Shawshank Redemption	2278845
What is the number of votes of The Shawshank Redemption	2278845
number of votes of The Shawshank Redemption?	2278845
budget of The Shawshank Redemption	$ 25000000
What is the budget of The Shawshank Redemption	$ 25000000
budget of The Shawshank Redemption?	$ 25000000
number of reviews from users of The Shawshank Redemption	8232.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Shawshank Redemption	8232.0
number of reviews from users of The Shawshank Redemption?	8232.0
number of reviews from critics of The Shawshank Redemption	164.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Shawshank Redemption	164.0
number of reviews from critics of The Shawshank Redemption?	164.0
title of Love in Kilnerry	Love in Kilnerry
What is the title of Love in Kilnerry	Love in Kilnerry
title of Love in Kilnerry?	Love in Kilnerry
year of Love in Kilnerry	2019
What is the year of Love in Kilnerry	2019
year of Love in Kilnerry?	2019
date of Love in Kilnerry	2019-06-23
What is the date of Love in Kilnerry	2019-06-23
date of Love in Kilnerry?	2019-06-23
genre of Love in Kilnerry	Comedy
What is the genre of Love in Kilnerry	Comedy
genre of Love in Kilnerry?	Comedy
duration of Love in Kilnerry	100
What is the duration of Love in Kilnerry	100
duration of Love in Kilnerry?	100
country of Love in Kilnerry	USA
What is the country of Love in Kilnerry	USA
country of Love in Kilnerry?	USA
language of Love in Kilnerry	English
What is the language of Love in Kilnerry	English
language of Love in Kilnerry?	English
director of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Snorri Sturluson
Who is the director of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Snorri Sturluson
director of Love in Kilnerry?	Daniel Keith, Snorri Sturluson
writer of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith
Who is the writer of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith
writer of Love in Kilnerry?	Daniel Keith
producer of Love in Kilnerry	Archway Pictures
Who is the producer of Love in Kilnerry	Archway Pictures
producer of Love in Kilnerry?	Archway Pictures
actors of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Kathy Searle, Tony Triano, James Patrick Nelson, Sybil Lines, Sheila Stasack, Roger Hendricks Simon, Jeremy Fernandez, Debargo Sanyal, Lawrence R. Leritz, Leon Morgan, Nathan Wallace, Bari Hyman, Franklin Kavaler, Scott Watson
Who are the principle actors of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Kathy Searle, Tony Triano, James Patrick Nelson, Sybil Lines, Sheila Stasack, Roger Hendricks Simon, Jeremy Fernandez, Debargo Sanyal, Lawrence R. Leritz, Leon Morgan, Nathan Wallace, Bari Hyman, Franklin Kavaler, Scott Watson
Who are the actors of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Kathy Searle, Tony Triano, James Patrick Nelson, Sybil Lines, Sheila Stasack, Roger Hendricks Simon, Jeremy Fernandez, Debargo Sanyal, Lawrence R. Leritz, Leon Morgan, Nathan Wallace, Bari Hyman, Franklin Kavaler, Scott Watson
Who are the main actors of Love in Kilnerry	Daniel Keith, Kathy Searle, Tony Triano, James Patrick Nelson, Sybil Lines, Sheila Stasack, Roger Hendricks Simon, Jeremy Fernandez, Debargo Sanyal, Lawrence R. Leritz, Leon Morgan, Nathan Wallace, Bari Hyman, Franklin Kavaler, Scott Watson
actors of Love in Kilnerry?	Daniel Keith, Kathy Searle, Tony Triano, James Patrick Nelson, Sybil Lines, Sheila Stasack, Roger Hendricks Simon, Jeremy Fernandez, Debargo Sanyal, Lawrence R. Leritz, Leon Morgan, Nathan Wallace, Bari Hyman, Franklin Kavaler, Scott Watson
description of Love in Kilnerry	The elderly resident of a small remote town panic after the EPA announces that government mandated changes to their chemical plant could create a bi-product that would dramatically increase...
What is the description of Love in Kilnerry	The elderly resident of a small remote town panic after the EPA announces that government mandated changes to their chemical plant could create a bi-product that would dramatically increase...
description of Love in Kilnerry?	The elderly resident of a small remote town panic after the EPA announces that government mandated changes to their chemical plant could create a bi-product that would dramatically increase...
average of votes of Love in Kilnerry	9.3
What is the average of votes of Love in Kilnerry	9.3
average of votes of Love in Kilnerry?	9.3
number of votes of Love in Kilnerry	1239
What is the number of votes of Love in Kilnerry	1239
number of votes of Love in Kilnerry?	1239
budget of Love in Kilnerry	$ 3000000
What is the budget of Love in Kilnerry	$ 3000000
budget of Love in Kilnerry?	$ 3000000
number of reviews from users of Love in Kilnerry	17.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Love in Kilnerry	17.0
number of reviews from users of Love in Kilnerry?	17.0
number of reviews from critics of Love in Kilnerry	11.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Love in Kilnerry	11.0
number of reviews from critics of Love in Kilnerry?	11.0
title of As I Am	As I Am
What is the title of As I Am	As I Am
title of As I Am?	As I Am
year of As I Am	2019
What is the year of As I Am	2019
year of As I Am?	2019
date of As I Am	2019-12-06
What is the date of As I Am	2019-12-06
date of As I Am?	2019-12-06
genre of As I Am	Drama, Fantasy, Romance
What is the genre of As I Am	Drama, Fantasy, Romance
genre of As I Am?	Drama, Fantasy, Romance
duration of As I Am	62
What is the duration of As I Am	62
duration of As I Am?	62
country of As I Am	USA
What is the country of As I Am	USA
country of As I Am?	USA
language of As I Am	English
What is the language of As I Am	English
language of As I Am?	English
director of As I Am	Anthony Bawn
Who is the director of As I Am	Anthony Bawn
director of As I Am?	Anthony Bawn
writer of As I Am	Anthony Bawn
Who is the writer of As I Am	Anthony Bawn
writer of As I Am?	Anthony Bawn
producer of As I Am	APB Production
Who is the producer of As I Am	APB Production
producer of As I Am?	APB Production
actors of As I Am	Andre Myers, Jerimiyah Dunbar, Rodney Chester, Tom McLaren, Piper Dellums, Rufus Tanksley, Rob Hemen, Tim Christian, Mimi Frank, Nicole Swirsky, Marcus Bailey, Matthew Camp, Margareta Erdei, Heather Fauland, Lea Herman
Who are the principle actors of As I Am	Andre Myers, Jerimiyah Dunbar, Rodney Chester, Tom McLaren, Piper Dellums, Rufus Tanksley, Rob Hemen, Tim Christian, Mimi Frank, Nicole Swirsky, Marcus Bailey, Matthew Camp, Margareta Erdei, Heather Fauland, Lea Herman
Who are the actors of As I Am	Andre Myers, Jerimiyah Dunbar, Rodney Chester, Tom McLaren, Piper Dellums, Rufus Tanksley, Rob Hemen, Tim Christian, Mimi Frank, Nicole Swirsky, Marcus Bailey, Matthew Camp, Margareta Erdei, Heather Fauland, Lea Herman
Who are the main actors of As I Am	Andre Myers, Jerimiyah Dunbar, Rodney Chester, Tom McLaren, Piper Dellums, Rufus Tanksley, Rob Hemen, Tim Christian, Mimi Frank, Nicole Swirsky, Marcus Bailey, Matthew Camp, Margareta Erdei, Heather Fauland, Lea Herman
actors of As I Am?	Andre Myers, Jerimiyah Dunbar, Rodney Chester, Tom McLaren, Piper Dellums, Rufus Tanksley, Rob Hemen, Tim Christian, Mimi Frank, Nicole Swirsky, Marcus Bailey, Matthew Camp, Margareta Erdei, Heather Fauland, Lea Herman
description of As I Am	A story of a young man running from the truth about his childhood returns in order to correct his past but ends up discovering a side of himself that he suppressed.
What is the description of As I Am	A story of a young man running from the truth about his childhood returns in order to correct his past but ends up discovering a side of himself that he suppressed.
description of As I Am?	A story of a young man running from the truth about his childhood returns in order to correct his past but ends up discovering a side of himself that he suppressed.
average of votes of As I Am	9.3
What is the average of votes of As I Am	9.3
average of votes of As I Am?	9.3
number of votes of As I Am	1173
What is the number of votes of As I Am	1173
number of votes of As I Am?	1173
budget of As I Am	$ 10000
What is the budget of As I Am	$ 10000
budget of As I Am?	$ 10000
number of reviews from users of As I Am	5.0
What is the number of reviews from users of As I Am	5.0
number of reviews from users of As I Am?	5.0
number of reviews from critics of As I Am	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of As I Am	nan
number of reviews from critics of As I Am?	nan
title of The Godfather	The Godfather
What is the title of The Godfather	The Godfather
title of The Godfather?	The Godfather
year of The Godfather	1972
What is the year of The Godfather	1972
year of The Godfather?	1972
date of The Godfather	1972-09-21
What is the date of The Godfather	1972-09-21
date of The Godfather?	1972-09-21
genre of The Godfather	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of The Godfather	Crime, Drama
genre of The Godfather?	Crime, Drama
duration of The Godfather	175
What is the duration of The Godfather	175
duration of The Godfather?	175
country of The Godfather	USA
What is the country of The Godfather	USA
country of The Godfather?	USA
language of The Godfather	English, Italian, Latin
What is the language of The Godfather	English, Italian, Latin
language of The Godfather?	English, Italian, Latin
director of The Godfather	Francis Ford Coppola
Who is the director of The Godfather	Francis Ford Coppola
director of The Godfather?	Francis Ford Coppola
writer of The Godfather	Mario Puzo, Francis Ford Coppola
Who is the writer of The Godfather	Mario Puzo, Francis Ford Coppola
writer of The Godfather?	Mario Puzo, Francis Ford Coppola
producer of The Godfather	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of The Godfather	Paramount Pictures
producer of The Godfather?	Paramount Pictures
actors of The Godfather	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond
Who are the principle actors of The Godfather	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond
Who are the actors of The Godfather	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond
Who are the main actors of The Godfather	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond
actors of The Godfather?	Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond
description of The Godfather	The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
What is the description of The Godfather	The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
description of The Godfather?	The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
average of votes of The Godfather	9.2
What is the average of votes of The Godfather	9.2
average of votes of The Godfather?	9.2
number of votes of The Godfather	1572674
What is the number of votes of The Godfather	1572674
number of votes of The Godfather?	1572674
budget of The Godfather	$ 6000000
What is the budget of The Godfather	$ 6000000
budget of The Godfather?	$ 6000000
number of reviews from users of The Godfather	3977.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Godfather	3977.0
number of reviews from users of The Godfather?	3977.0
number of reviews from critics of The Godfather	253.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Godfather	253.0
number of reviews from critics of The Godfather?	253.0
title of The Transcendents	The Transcendents
What is the title of The Transcendents	The Transcendents
title of The Transcendents?	The Transcendents
year of The Transcendents	2018
What is the year of The Transcendents	2018
year of The Transcendents?	2018
date of The Transcendents	2020-06-19
What is the date of The Transcendents	2020-06-19
date of The Transcendents?	2020-06-19
genre of The Transcendents	Music, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of The Transcendents	Music, Mystery, Thriller
genre of The Transcendents?	Music, Mystery, Thriller
duration of The Transcendents	96
What is the duration of The Transcendents	96
duration of The Transcendents?	96
country of The Transcendents	USA
What is the country of The Transcendents	USA
country of The Transcendents?	USA
language of The Transcendents	English
What is the language of The Transcendents	English
language of The Transcendents?	English
director of The Transcendents	Derek Ahonen
Who is the director of The Transcendents	Derek Ahonen
director of The Transcendents?	Derek Ahonen
writer of The Transcendents	Derek Ahonen
Who is the writer of The Transcendents	Derek Ahonen
writer of The Transcendents?	Derek Ahonen
producer of The Transcendents	nan
Who is the producer of The Transcendents	nan
producer of The Transcendents?	nan
actors of The Transcendents	Rob Franco, Savannah Welch, Kathy Valentine, William Leroy, Ben Reno, Cecilia Deacon, Paul Sevigny, Derek Ahonen, Roy Montez, Matthew Pilieci, Kevin Squires, Judy Merrick, Melinda Prisco, Ann Bates, Lindsey Taylor
Who are the principle actors of The Transcendents	Rob Franco, Savannah Welch, Kathy Valentine, William Leroy, Ben Reno, Cecilia Deacon, Paul Sevigny, Derek Ahonen, Roy Montez, Matthew Pilieci, Kevin Squires, Judy Merrick, Melinda Prisco, Ann Bates, Lindsey Taylor
Who are the actors of The Transcendents	Rob Franco, Savannah Welch, Kathy Valentine, William Leroy, Ben Reno, Cecilia Deacon, Paul Sevigny, Derek Ahonen, Roy Montez, Matthew Pilieci, Kevin Squires, Judy Merrick, Melinda Prisco, Ann Bates, Lindsey Taylor
Who are the main actors of The Transcendents	Rob Franco, Savannah Welch, Kathy Valentine, William Leroy, Ben Reno, Cecilia Deacon, Paul Sevigny, Derek Ahonen, Roy Montez, Matthew Pilieci, Kevin Squires, Judy Merrick, Melinda Prisco, Ann Bates, Lindsey Taylor
actors of The Transcendents?	Rob Franco, Savannah Welch, Kathy Valentine, William Leroy, Ben Reno, Cecilia Deacon, Paul Sevigny, Derek Ahonen, Roy Montez, Matthew Pilieci, Kevin Squires, Judy Merrick, Melinda Prisco, Ann Bates, Lindsey Taylor
description of The Transcendents	Roger, a Rasputin-like drifter, is in search of the ultimate indie-rock band, The Transcendents. What he finds is less than transcendent: a band who has all but abandoned society, a host of...
What is the description of The Transcendents	Roger, a Rasputin-like drifter, is in search of the ultimate indie-rock band, The Transcendents. What he finds is less than transcendent: a band who has all but abandoned society, a host of...
description of The Transcendents?	Roger, a Rasputin-like drifter, is in search of the ultimate indie-rock band, The Transcendents. What he finds is less than transcendent: a band who has all but abandoned society, a host of...
average of votes of The Transcendents	9.2
What is the average of votes of The Transcendents	9.2
average of votes of The Transcendents?	9.2
number of votes of The Transcendents	1450
What is the number of votes of The Transcendents	1450
number of votes of The Transcendents?	1450
budget of The Transcendents	$ 90000
What is the budget of The Transcendents	$ 90000
budget of The Transcendents?	$ 90000
number of reviews from users of The Transcendents	3.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Transcendents	3.0
number of reviews from users of The Transcendents?	3.0
number of reviews from critics of The Transcendents	4.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Transcendents	4.0
number of reviews from critics of The Transcendents?	4.0
title of Delaware Shore	Delaware Shore
What is the title of Delaware Shore	Delaware Shore
title of Delaware Shore?	Delaware Shore
year of Delaware Shore	2018
What is the year of Delaware Shore	2018
year of Delaware Shore?	2018
date of Delaware Shore	2018-12-21
What is the date of Delaware Shore	2018-12-21
date of Delaware Shore?	2018-12-21
genre of Delaware Shore	Drama
What is the genre of Delaware Shore	Drama
genre of Delaware Shore?	Drama
duration of Delaware Shore	98
What is the duration of Delaware Shore	98
duration of Delaware Shore?	98
country of Delaware Shore	USA
What is the country of Delaware Shore	USA
country of Delaware Shore?	USA
language of Delaware Shore	English
What is the language of Delaware Shore	English
language of Delaware Shore?	English
director of Delaware Shore	Raghav Peri
Who is the director of Delaware Shore	Raghav Peri
director of Delaware Shore?	Raghav Peri
writer of Delaware Shore	Raghav Peri, Michaelangelo Rodriguez
Who is the writer of Delaware Shore	Raghav Peri, Michaelangelo Rodriguez
writer of Delaware Shore?	Raghav Peri, Michaelangelo Rodriguez
producer of Delaware Shore	Avocado Media
Who is the producer of Delaware Shore	Avocado Media
producer of Delaware Shore?	Avocado Media
actors of Delaware Shore	James Robinson Jr., Kevin D. Benton, Bella Dontine, Ed Aristone, Emily McKinley Hill, Kevin Austra, Jason R. Maga, Kirsten Valania, Erin Shann, Brenda Carey, Kevin Francis, Rebekah Moss, Eansst Trower, Nate Farrar, Gail Wagner
Who are the principle actors of Delaware Shore	James Robinson Jr., Kevin D. Benton, Bella Dontine, Ed Aristone, Emily McKinley Hill, Kevin Austra, Jason R. Maga, Kirsten Valania, Erin Shann, Brenda Carey, Kevin Francis, Rebekah Moss, Eansst Trower, Nate Farrar, Gail Wagner
Who are the actors of Delaware Shore	James Robinson Jr., Kevin D. Benton, Bella Dontine, Ed Aristone, Emily McKinley Hill, Kevin Austra, Jason R. Maga, Kirsten Valania, Erin Shann, Brenda Carey, Kevin Francis, Rebekah Moss, Eansst Trower, Nate Farrar, Gail Wagner
Who are the main actors of Delaware Shore	James Robinson Jr., Kevin D. Benton, Bella Dontine, Ed Aristone, Emily McKinley Hill, Kevin Austra, Jason R. Maga, Kirsten Valania, Erin Shann, Brenda Carey, Kevin Francis, Rebekah Moss, Eansst Trower, Nate Farrar, Gail Wagner
actors of Delaware Shore?	James Robinson Jr., Kevin D. Benton, Bella Dontine, Ed Aristone, Emily McKinley Hill, Kevin Austra, Jason R. Maga, Kirsten Valania, Erin Shann, Brenda Carey, Kevin Francis, Rebekah Moss, Eansst Trower, Nate Farrar, Gail Wagner
description of Delaware Shore	A Holocaust survivor who escapes the concentration camps finds refuge on a secluded Delaware Beach and raises her abandoned twin grandchildren.
What is the description of Delaware Shore	A Holocaust survivor who escapes the concentration camps finds refuge on a secluded Delaware Beach and raises her abandoned twin grandchildren.
description of Delaware Shore?	A Holocaust survivor who escapes the concentration camps finds refuge on a secluded Delaware Beach and raises her abandoned twin grandchildren.
average of votes of Delaware Shore	9.1
What is the average of votes of Delaware Shore	9.1
average of votes of Delaware Shore?	9.1
number of votes of Delaware Shore	507
What is the number of votes of Delaware Shore	507
number of votes of Delaware Shore?	507
budget of Delaware Shore	nan
What is the budget of Delaware Shore	nan
budget of Delaware Shore?	nan
number of reviews from users of Delaware Shore	12.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Delaware Shore	12.0
number of reviews from users of Delaware Shore?	12.0
number of reviews from critics of Delaware Shore	4.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Delaware Shore	4.0
number of reviews from critics of Delaware Shore?	4.0
title of The Godfather: Part II	The Godfather: Part II
What is the title of The Godfather: Part II	The Godfather: Part II
title of The Godfather: Part II?	The Godfather: Part II
year of The Godfather: Part II	1974
What is the year of The Godfather: Part II	1974
year of The Godfather: Part II?	1974
date of The Godfather: Part II	1975-09-25
What is the date of The Godfather: Part II	1975-09-25
date of The Godfather: Part II?	1975-09-25
genre of The Godfather: Part II	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of The Godfather: Part II	Crime, Drama
genre of The Godfather: Part II?	Crime, Drama
duration of The Godfather: Part II	202
What is the duration of The Godfather: Part II	202
duration of The Godfather: Part II?	202
country of The Godfather: Part II	USA
What is the country of The Godfather: Part II	USA
country of The Godfather: Part II?	USA
language of The Godfather: Part II	English, Italian, Spanish, Latin, Sicilian
What is the language of The Godfather: Part II	English, Italian, Spanish, Latin, Sicilian
language of The Godfather: Part II?	English, Italian, Spanish, Latin, Sicilian
director of The Godfather: Part II	Francis Ford Coppola
Who is the director of The Godfather: Part II	Francis Ford Coppola
director of The Godfather: Part II?	Francis Ford Coppola
writer of The Godfather: Part II	Francis Ford Coppola, Mario Puzo
Who is the writer of The Godfather: Part II	Francis Ford Coppola, Mario Puzo
writer of The Godfather: Part II?	Francis Ford Coppola, Mario Puzo
producer of The Godfather: Part II	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of The Godfather: Part II	Paramount Pictures
producer of The Godfather: Part II?	Paramount Pictures
actors of The Godfather: Part II	Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G.D. Spradlin, Richard Bright, Gastone Moschin, Tom Rosqui, Bruno Kirby, Frank Sivero, Francesca De Sapio
Who are the principle actors of The Godfather: Part II	Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G.D. Spradlin, Richard Bright, Gastone Moschin, Tom Rosqui, Bruno Kirby, Frank Sivero, Francesca De Sapio
Who are the actors of The Godfather: Part II	Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G.D. Spradlin, Richard Bright, Gastone Moschin, Tom Rosqui, Bruno Kirby, Frank Sivero, Francesca De Sapio
Who are the main actors of The Godfather: Part II	Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G.D. Spradlin, Richard Bright, Gastone Moschin, Tom Rosqui, Bruno Kirby, Frank Sivero, Francesca De Sapio
actors of The Godfather: Part II?	Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G.D. Spradlin, Richard Bright, Gastone Moschin, Tom Rosqui, Bruno Kirby, Frank Sivero, Francesca De Sapio
description of The Godfather: Part II	The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
What is the description of The Godfather: Part II	The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
description of The Godfather: Part II?	The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
average of votes of The Godfather: Part II	9.0
What is the average of votes of The Godfather: Part II	9.0
average of votes of The Godfather: Part II?	9.0
number of votes of The Godfather: Part II	1098714
What is the number of votes of The Godfather: Part II	1098714
number of votes of The Godfather: Part II?	1098714
budget of The Godfather: Part II	$ 13000000
What is the budget of The Godfather: Part II	$ 13000000
budget of The Godfather: Part II?	$ 13000000
number of reviews from users of The Godfather: Part II	1030.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Godfather: Part II	1030.0
number of reviews from users of The Godfather: Part II?	1030.0
number of reviews from critics of The Godfather: Part II	178.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Godfather: Part II	178.0
number of reviews from critics of The Godfather: Part II?	178.0
title of Pulp Fiction	Pulp Fiction
What is the title of Pulp Fiction	Pulp Fiction
title of Pulp Fiction?	Pulp Fiction
year of Pulp Fiction	1994
What is the year of Pulp Fiction	1994
year of Pulp Fiction?	1994
date of Pulp Fiction	1994-10-28
What is the date of Pulp Fiction	1994-10-28
date of Pulp Fiction?	1994-10-28
genre of Pulp Fiction	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Pulp Fiction	Crime, Drama
genre of Pulp Fiction?	Crime, Drama
duration of Pulp Fiction	154
What is the duration of Pulp Fiction	154
duration of Pulp Fiction?	154
country of Pulp Fiction	USA
What is the country of Pulp Fiction	USA
country of Pulp Fiction?	USA
language of Pulp Fiction	English, Spanish, French
What is the language of Pulp Fiction	English, Spanish, French
language of Pulp Fiction?	English, Spanish, French
director of Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino
Who is the director of Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino
director of Pulp Fiction?	Quentin Tarantino
writer of Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino, Roger Avary
Who is the writer of Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino, Roger Avary
writer of Pulp Fiction?	Quentin Tarantino, Roger Avary
producer of Pulp Fiction	Miramax
Who is the producer of Pulp Fiction	Miramax
producer of Pulp Fiction?	Miramax
actors of Pulp Fiction	Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Laura Lovelace, John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Phil LaMarr, Frank Whaley, Burr Steers, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames, Paul Calderon, Bronagh Gallagher, Rosanna Arquette, Eric Stoltz, Uma Thurman
Who are the principle actors of Pulp Fiction	Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Laura Lovelace, John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Phil LaMarr, Frank Whaley, Burr Steers, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames, Paul Calderon, Bronagh Gallagher, Rosanna Arquette, Eric Stoltz, Uma Thurman
Who are the actors of Pulp Fiction	Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Laura Lovelace, John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Phil LaMarr, Frank Whaley, Burr Steers, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames, Paul Calderon, Bronagh Gallagher, Rosanna Arquette, Eric Stoltz, Uma Thurman
Who are the main actors of Pulp Fiction	Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Laura Lovelace, John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Phil LaMarr, Frank Whaley, Burr Steers, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames, Paul Calderon, Bronagh Gallagher, Rosanna Arquette, Eric Stoltz, Uma Thurman
actors of Pulp Fiction?	Tim Roth, Amanda Plummer, Laura Lovelace, John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Phil LaMarr, Frank Whaley, Burr Steers, Bruce Willis, Ving Rhames, Paul Calderon, Bronagh Gallagher, Rosanna Arquette, Eric Stoltz, Uma Thurman
description of Pulp Fiction	The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
What is the description of Pulp Fiction	The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
description of Pulp Fiction?	The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
average of votes of Pulp Fiction	8.9
What is the average of votes of Pulp Fiction	8.9
average of votes of Pulp Fiction?	8.9
number of votes of Pulp Fiction	1780147
What is the number of votes of Pulp Fiction	1780147
number of votes of Pulp Fiction?	1780147
budget of Pulp Fiction	$ 8000000
What is the budget of Pulp Fiction	$ 8000000
budget of Pulp Fiction?	$ 8000000
number of reviews from users of Pulp Fiction	3058.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Pulp Fiction	3058.0
number of reviews from users of Pulp Fiction?	3058.0
number of reviews from critics of Pulp Fiction	289.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Pulp Fiction	289.0
number of reviews from critics of Pulp Fiction?	289.0
title of Schindler's List	Schindler's List
What is the title of Schindler's List	Schindler's List
title of Schindler's List?	Schindler's List
year of Schindler's List	1993
What is the year of Schindler's List	1993
year of Schindler's List?	1993
date of Schindler's List	1994-03-11
What is the date of Schindler's List	1994-03-11
date of Schindler's List?	1994-03-11
genre of Schindler's List	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of Schindler's List	Biography, Drama, History
genre of Schindler's List?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of Schindler's List	195
What is the duration of Schindler's List	195
duration of Schindler's List?	195
country of Schindler's List	USA
What is the country of Schindler's List	USA
country of Schindler's List?	USA
language of Schindler's List	English, Hebrew, German, Polish, Latin
What is the language of Schindler's List	English, Hebrew, German, Polish, Latin
language of Schindler's List?	English, Hebrew, German, Polish, Latin
director of Schindler's List	Steven Spielberg
Who is the director of Schindler's List	Steven Spielberg
director of Schindler's List?	Steven Spielberg
writer of Schindler's List	Thomas Keneally, Steven Zaillian
Who is the writer of Schindler's List	Thomas Keneally, Steven Zaillian
writer of Schindler's List?	Thomas Keneally, Steven Zaillian
producer of Schindler's List	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of Schindler's List	Universal Pictures
producer of Schindler's List?	Universal Pictures
actors of Schindler's List	Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Malgorzata Gebel, Shmuel Levy, Mark Ivanir, Béatrice Macola, Andrzej Seweryn, Friedrich von Thun, Krzysztof Luft, Harry Nehring, Norbert Weisser
Who are the principle actors of Schindler's List	Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Malgorzata Gebel, Shmuel Levy, Mark Ivanir, Béatrice Macola, Andrzej Seweryn, Friedrich von Thun, Krzysztof Luft, Harry Nehring, Norbert Weisser
Who are the actors of Schindler's List	Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Malgorzata Gebel, Shmuel Levy, Mark Ivanir, Béatrice Macola, Andrzej Seweryn, Friedrich von Thun, Krzysztof Luft, Harry Nehring, Norbert Weisser
Who are the main actors of Schindler's List	Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Malgorzata Gebel, Shmuel Levy, Mark Ivanir, Béatrice Macola, Andrzej Seweryn, Friedrich von Thun, Krzysztof Luft, Harry Nehring, Norbert Weisser
actors of Schindler's List?	Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, Ralph Fiennes, Caroline Goodall, Jonathan Sagall, Embeth Davidtz, Malgorzata Gebel, Shmuel Levy, Mark Ivanir, Béatrice Macola, Andrzej Seweryn, Friedrich von Thun, Krzysztof Luft, Harry Nehring, Norbert Weisser
description of Schindler's List	In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist
What is the description of Schindler's List	In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist
description of Schindler's List?	In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist
average of votes of Schindler's List	8.9
What is the average of votes of Schindler's List	8.9
average of votes of Schindler's List?	8.9
number of votes of Schindler's List	1183248
What is the number of votes of Schindler's List	1183248
number of votes of Schindler's List?	1183248
budget of Schindler's List	$ 22000000
What is the budget of Schindler's List	$ 22000000
budget of Schindler's List?	$ 22000000
number of reviews from users of Schindler's List	1845.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Schindler's List	1845.0
number of reviews from users of Schindler's List?	1845.0
number of reviews from critics of Schindler's List	232.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Schindler's List	232.0
number of reviews from critics of Schindler's List?	232.0
title of 12 Angry Men	12 Angry Men
What is the title of 12 Angry Men	12 Angry Men
title of 12 Angry Men?	12 Angry Men
year of 12 Angry Men	1957
What is the year of 12 Angry Men	1957
year of 12 Angry Men?	1957
date of 12 Angry Men	1957-09-04
What is the date of 12 Angry Men	1957-09-04
date of 12 Angry Men?	1957-09-04
genre of 12 Angry Men	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of 12 Angry Men	Crime, Drama
genre of 12 Angry Men?	Crime, Drama
duration of 12 Angry Men	96
What is the duration of 12 Angry Men	96
duration of 12 Angry Men?	96
country of 12 Angry Men	USA
What is the country of 12 Angry Men	USA
country of 12 Angry Men?	USA
language of 12 Angry Men	English
What is the language of 12 Angry Men	English
language of 12 Angry Men?	English
director of 12 Angry Men	Sidney Lumet
Who is the director of 12 Angry Men	Sidney Lumet
director of 12 Angry Men?	Sidney Lumet
writer of 12 Angry Men	Reginald Rose, Reginald Rose
Who is the writer of 12 Angry Men	Reginald Rose, Reginald Rose
writer of 12 Angry Men?	Reginald Rose, Reginald Rose
producer of 12 Angry Men	Orion-Nova Productions
Who is the producer of 12 Angry Men	Orion-Nova Productions
producer of 12 Angry Men?	Orion-Nova Productions
actors of 12 Angry Men	Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman, Edward Binns, Jack Warden, Henry Fonda, Joseph Sweeney, Ed Begley, George Voskovec, Robert Webber
Who are the principle actors of 12 Angry Men	Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman, Edward Binns, Jack Warden, Henry Fonda, Joseph Sweeney, Ed Begley, George Voskovec, Robert Webber
Who are the actors of 12 Angry Men	Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman, Edward Binns, Jack Warden, Henry Fonda, Joseph Sweeney, Ed Begley, George Voskovec, Robert Webber
Who are the main actors of 12 Angry Men	Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman, Edward Binns, Jack Warden, Henry Fonda, Joseph Sweeney, Ed Begley, George Voskovec, Robert Webber
actors of 12 Angry Men?	Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, Lee J. Cobb, E.G. Marshall, Jack Klugman, Edward Binns, Jack Warden, Henry Fonda, Joseph Sweeney, Ed Begley, George Voskovec, Robert Webber
description of 12 Angry Men	A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.
What is the description of 12 Angry Men	A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.
description of 12 Angry Men?	A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.
average of votes of 12 Angry Men	8.9
What is the average of votes of 12 Angry Men	8.9
average of votes of 12 Angry Men?	8.9
number of votes of 12 Angry Men	668473
What is the number of votes of 12 Angry Men	668473
number of votes of 12 Angry Men?	668473
budget of 12 Angry Men	$ 350000
What is the budget of 12 Angry Men	$ 350000
budget of 12 Angry Men?	$ 350000
number of reviews from users of 12 Angry Men	1605.0
What is the number of reviews from users of 12 Angry Men	1605.0
number of reviews from users of 12 Angry Men?	1605.0
number of reviews from critics of 12 Angry Men	149.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of 12 Angry Men	149.0
number of reviews from critics of 12 Angry Men?	149.0
title of Forrest Gump	Forrest Gump
What is the title of Forrest Gump	Forrest Gump
title of Forrest Gump?	Forrest Gump
year of Forrest Gump	1994
What is the year of Forrest Gump	1994
year of Forrest Gump?	1994
date of Forrest Gump	1994-10-06
What is the date of Forrest Gump	1994-10-06
date of Forrest Gump?	1994-10-06
genre of Forrest Gump	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Forrest Gump	Drama, Romance
genre of Forrest Gump?	Drama, Romance
duration of Forrest Gump	142
What is the duration of Forrest Gump	142
duration of Forrest Gump?	142
country of Forrest Gump	USA
What is the country of Forrest Gump	USA
country of Forrest Gump?	USA
language of Forrest Gump	English
What is the language of Forrest Gump	English
language of Forrest Gump?	English
director of Forrest Gump	Robert Zemeckis
Who is the director of Forrest Gump	Robert Zemeckis
director of Forrest Gump?	Robert Zemeckis
writer of Forrest Gump	Winston Groom, Eric Roth
Who is the writer of Forrest Gump	Winston Groom, Eric Roth
writer of Forrest Gump?	Winston Groom, Eric Roth
producer of Forrest Gump	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Forrest Gump	Paramount Pictures
producer of Forrest Gump?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Forrest Gump	Tom Hanks, Rebecca Williams, Sally Field, Michael Conner Humphreys, Harold G. Herthum, George Kelly, Bob Penny, John Randall, Sam Anderson, Margo Moorer, Ione M. Telech, Christine Seabrook, John Worsham, Peter Dobson, Siobhan Fallon Hogan
Who are the principle actors of Forrest Gump	Tom Hanks, Rebecca Williams, Sally Field, Michael Conner Humphreys, Harold G. Herthum, George Kelly, Bob Penny, John Randall, Sam Anderson, Margo Moorer, Ione M. Telech, Christine Seabrook, John Worsham, Peter Dobson, Siobhan Fallon Hogan
Who are the actors of Forrest Gump	Tom Hanks, Rebecca Williams, Sally Field, Michael Conner Humphreys, Harold G. Herthum, George Kelly, Bob Penny, John Randall, Sam Anderson, Margo Moorer, Ione M. Telech, Christine Seabrook, John Worsham, Peter Dobson, Siobhan Fallon Hogan
Who are the main actors of Forrest Gump	Tom Hanks, Rebecca Williams, Sally Field, Michael Conner Humphreys, Harold G. Herthum, George Kelly, Bob Penny, John Randall, Sam Anderson, Margo Moorer, Ione M. Telech, Christine Seabrook, John Worsham, Peter Dobson, Siobhan Fallon Hogan
actors of Forrest Gump?	Tom Hanks, Rebecca Williams, Sally Field, Michael Conner Humphreys, Harold G. Herthum, George Kelly, Bob Penny, John Randall, Sam Anderson, Margo Moorer, Ione M. Telech, Christine Seabrook, John Worsham, Peter Dobson, Siobhan Fallon Hogan
description of Forrest Gump	The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate and other historical events unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.
What is the description of Forrest Gump	The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate and other historical events unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.
description of Forrest Gump?	The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate and other historical events unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.
average of votes of Forrest Gump	8.8
What is the average of votes of Forrest Gump	8.8
average of votes of Forrest Gump?	8.8
number of votes of Forrest Gump	1755490
What is the number of votes of Forrest Gump	1755490
number of votes of Forrest Gump?	1755490
budget of Forrest Gump	$ 55000000
What is the budget of Forrest Gump	$ 55000000
budget of Forrest Gump?	$ 55000000
number of reviews from users of Forrest Gump	2416.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Forrest Gump	2416.0
number of reviews from users of Forrest Gump?	2416.0
number of reviews from critics of Forrest Gump	169.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Forrest Gump	169.0
number of reviews from critics of Forrest Gump?	169.0
title of Wheels	Wheels
What is the title of Wheels	Wheels
title of Wheels?	Wheels
year of Wheels	2014
What is the year of Wheels	2014
year of Wheels?	2014
date of Wheels	2017-02-01
What is the date of Wheels	2017-02-01
date of Wheels?	2017-02-01
genre of Wheels	Drama
What is the genre of Wheels	Drama
genre of Wheels?	Drama
duration of Wheels	115
What is the duration of Wheels	115
duration of Wheels?	115
country of Wheels	USA
What is the country of Wheels	USA
country of Wheels?	USA
language of Wheels	English
What is the language of Wheels	English
language of Wheels?	English
director of Wheels	Tim Gagliardo, Donavon Warren
Who is the director of Wheels	Tim Gagliardo, Donavon Warren
director of Wheels?	Tim Gagliardo, Donavon Warren
writer of Wheels	Donavon Warren
Who is the writer of Wheels	Donavon Warren
writer of Wheels?	Donavon Warren
producer of Wheels	Loaded Dice Films
Who is the producer of Wheels	Loaded Dice Films
producer of Wheels?	Loaded Dice Films
actors of Wheels	Donavon Warren, Patrick Hume, Diana Gettinger, Kevin McCorkle, Will Jennings, Parker Bolek, Irina Costa Jelinek, Samantha Siong, Nathanyael Grey, J. Kristopher, Lilit Alexandrian, Alyssa Barron, Stanley Bautch, Alan Brooks, P.L. Brown
Who are the principle actors of Wheels	Donavon Warren, Patrick Hume, Diana Gettinger, Kevin McCorkle, Will Jennings, Parker Bolek, Irina Costa Jelinek, Samantha Siong, Nathanyael Grey, J. Kristopher, Lilit Alexandrian, Alyssa Barron, Stanley Bautch, Alan Brooks, P.L. Brown
Who are the actors of Wheels	Donavon Warren, Patrick Hume, Diana Gettinger, Kevin McCorkle, Will Jennings, Parker Bolek, Irina Costa Jelinek, Samantha Siong, Nathanyael Grey, J. Kristopher, Lilit Alexandrian, Alyssa Barron, Stanley Bautch, Alan Brooks, P.L. Brown
Who are the main actors of Wheels	Donavon Warren, Patrick Hume, Diana Gettinger, Kevin McCorkle, Will Jennings, Parker Bolek, Irina Costa Jelinek, Samantha Siong, Nathanyael Grey, J. Kristopher, Lilit Alexandrian, Alyssa Barron, Stanley Bautch, Alan Brooks, P.L. Brown
actors of Wheels?	Donavon Warren, Patrick Hume, Diana Gettinger, Kevin McCorkle, Will Jennings, Parker Bolek, Irina Costa Jelinek, Samantha Siong, Nathanyael Grey, J. Kristopher, Lilit Alexandrian, Alyssa Barron, Stanley Bautch, Alan Brooks, P.L. Brown
description of Wheels	Two suicidal paraplegic junkies hustle their way through the city streets trying to find a reason to live.
What is the description of Wheels	Two suicidal paraplegic junkies hustle their way through the city streets trying to find a reason to live.
description of Wheels?	Two suicidal paraplegic junkies hustle their way through the city streets trying to find a reason to live.
average of votes of Wheels	8.8
What is the average of votes of Wheels	8.8
average of votes of Wheels?	8.8
number of votes of Wheels	17814
What is the number of votes of Wheels	17814
number of votes of Wheels?	17814
budget of Wheels	nan
What is the budget of Wheels	nan
budget of Wheels?	nan
number of reviews from users of Wheels	41.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Wheels	41.0
number of reviews from users of Wheels?	41.0
number of reviews from critics of Wheels	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Wheels	nan
number of reviews from critics of Wheels?	nan
title of Graves End	Graves End
What is the title of Graves End	Graves End
title of Graves End?	Graves End
year of Graves End	2005
What is the year of Graves End	2005
year of Graves End?	2005
date of Graves End	2005-04-22
What is the date of Graves End	2005-04-22
date of Graves End?	2005-04-22
genre of Graves End	Thriller, Mystery
What is the genre of Graves End	Thriller, Mystery
genre of Graves End?	Thriller, Mystery
duration of Graves End	90
What is the duration of Graves End	90
duration of Graves End?	90
country of Graves End	USA
What is the country of Graves End	USA
country of Graves End?	USA
language of Graves End	English
What is the language of Graves End	English
language of Graves End?	English
director of Graves End	James Marlowe
Who is the director of Graves End	James Marlowe
director of Graves End?	James Marlowe
writer of Graves End	Rick Askew, James Marlowe
Who is the writer of Graves End	Rick Askew, James Marlowe
writer of Graves End?	Rick Askew, James Marlowe
producer of Graves End	Marlowe/Pugnetti Company
Who is the producer of Graves End	Marlowe/Pugnetti Company
producer of Graves End?	Marlowe/Pugnetti Company
actors of Graves End	Eric Roberts, Steven Williams, Daniel Roebuck, Valerie Mikita, Fairly Tull, Edward Perotti, Sky Soleil, Nick Stellate, Anthony Santucci, Joe Wyka, Adam Del Rio, Geno Carvalho, Durand Ford, Shawny Hoops, Dave Heintzelman
Who are the principle actors of Graves End	Eric Roberts, Steven Williams, Daniel Roebuck, Valerie Mikita, Fairly Tull, Edward Perotti, Sky Soleil, Nick Stellate, Anthony Santucci, Joe Wyka, Adam Del Rio, Geno Carvalho, Durand Ford, Shawny Hoops, Dave Heintzelman
Who are the actors of Graves End	Eric Roberts, Steven Williams, Daniel Roebuck, Valerie Mikita, Fairly Tull, Edward Perotti, Sky Soleil, Nick Stellate, Anthony Santucci, Joe Wyka, Adam Del Rio, Geno Carvalho, Durand Ford, Shawny Hoops, Dave Heintzelman
Who are the main actors of Graves End	Eric Roberts, Steven Williams, Daniel Roebuck, Valerie Mikita, Fairly Tull, Edward Perotti, Sky Soleil, Nick Stellate, Anthony Santucci, Joe Wyka, Adam Del Rio, Geno Carvalho, Durand Ford, Shawny Hoops, Dave Heintzelman
actors of Graves End?	Eric Roberts, Steven Williams, Daniel Roebuck, Valerie Mikita, Fairly Tull, Edward Perotti, Sky Soleil, Nick Stellate, Anthony Santucci, Joe Wyka, Adam Del Rio, Geno Carvalho, Durand Ford, Shawny Hoops, Dave Heintzelman
description of Graves End	When society turns their back on reformed felons, the town of Graves End welcomes them but when the ex-cons disappear, FBI agent Paul Rickman comes looking for them and discovers more than he expected.
What is the description of Graves End	When society turns their back on reformed felons, the town of Graves End welcomes them but when the ex-cons disappear, FBI agent Paul Rickman comes looking for them and discovers more than he expected.
description of Graves End?	When society turns their back on reformed felons, the town of Graves End welcomes them but when the ex-cons disappear, FBI agent Paul Rickman comes looking for them and discovers more than he expected.
average of votes of Graves End	8.8
What is the average of votes of Graves End	8.8
average of votes of Graves End?	8.8
number of votes of Graves End	6494
What is the number of votes of Graves End	6494
number of votes of Graves End?	6494
budget of Graves End	$ 1930000
What is the budget of Graves End	$ 1930000
budget of Graves End?	$ 1930000
number of reviews from users of Graves End	25.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Graves End	25.0
number of reviews from users of Graves End?	25.0
number of reviews from critics of Graves End	1.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Graves End	1.0
number of reviews from critics of Graves End?	1.0
title of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair
What is the title of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair
title of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair
year of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	2011
What is the year of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	2011
year of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	2011
date of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	2011-03-27
What is the date of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	2011-03-27
date of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	2011-03-27
genre of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Action, Crime, Thriller
What is the genre of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Action, Crime, Thriller
genre of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	Action, Crime, Thriller
duration of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	247
What is the duration of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	247
duration of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	247
country of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	USA
What is the country of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	USA
country of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	USA
language of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
What is the language of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
language of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	nan
director of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Quentin Tarantino
Who is the director of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Quentin Tarantino
director of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	Quentin Tarantino
writer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Quentin Tarantino, Uma Thurman
Who is the writer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Quentin Tarantino, Uma Thurman
writer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	Quentin Tarantino, Uma Thurman
producer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	A Band Apart
Who is the producer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	A Band Apart
producer of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	A Band Apart
actors of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Vivica A. Fox, Julie Dreyfus, Shin'ichi Chiba, Chiaki Kuriyama, Michael Bowen, Michael Parks, Aaron Rafael
Who are the principle actors of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Vivica A. Fox, Julie Dreyfus, Shin'ichi Chiba, Chiaki Kuriyama, Michael Bowen, Michael Parks, Aaron Rafael
Who are the actors of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Vivica A. Fox, Julie Dreyfus, Shin'ichi Chiba, Chiaki Kuriyama, Michael Bowen, Michael Parks, Aaron Rafael
Who are the main actors of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Vivica A. Fox, Julie Dreyfus, Shin'ichi Chiba, Chiaki Kuriyama, Michael Bowen, Michael Parks, Aaron Rafael
actors of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	Uma Thurman, David Carradine, Vivica A. Fox, Julie Dreyfus, Shin'ichi Chiba, Chiaki Kuriyama, Michael Bowen, Michael Parks, Aaron Rafael
description of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	The Bride must kill her ex-boss and lover Bill who betrayed her at her wedding rehearsal, shot her in the head and took away her unborn daughter. But first, she must make the other four members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad suffer.
What is the description of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	The Bride must kill her ex-boss and lover Bill who betrayed her at her wedding rehearsal, shot her in the head and took away her unborn daughter. But first, she must make the other four members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad suffer.
description of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	The Bride must kill her ex-boss and lover Bill who betrayed her at her wedding rehearsal, shot her in the head and took away her unborn daughter. But first, she must make the other four members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad suffer.
average of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	8.8
What is the average of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	8.8
average of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	8.8
number of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	5332
What is the number of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	5332
number of votes of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	5332
budget of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
What is the budget of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
budget of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	nan
number of reviews from users of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	11.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	11.0
number of reviews from users of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	11.0
number of reviews from critics of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair	nan
number of reviews from critics of Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair?	nan
title of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2
What is the title of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2
title of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2
year of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2019
What is the year of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2019
year of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	2019
date of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2019-10-18
What is the date of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2019-10-18
date of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	2019-10-18
genre of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Music
What is the genre of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Music
genre of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Music
duration of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	150
What is the duration of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	150
duration of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	150
country of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	USA
What is the country of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	USA
country of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	USA
language of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	English
What is the language of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	English
language of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	English
director of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Wayne Isham
Who is the director of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Wayne Isham
director of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Wayne Isham
writer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	nan
Who is the writer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	nan
writer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	nan
producer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Prime Zero Productions
Who is the producer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Prime Zero Productions
producer of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Prime Zero Productions
actors of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Edgar Barradas, Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield, Metallica, Robert Trujillo, Lars Ulrich
Who are the principle actors of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Edgar Barradas, Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield, Metallica, Robert Trujillo, Lars Ulrich
Who are the actors of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Edgar Barradas, Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield, Metallica, Robert Trujillo, Lars Ulrich
Who are the main actors of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Edgar Barradas, Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield, Metallica, Robert Trujillo, Lars Ulrich
actors of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Edgar Barradas, Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield, Metallica, Robert Trujillo, Lars Ulrich
description of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony perform a live concert together at Chase Center in San Francisco.
What is the description of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony perform a live concert together at Chase Center in San Francisco.
description of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony perform a live concert together at Chase Center in San Francisco.
average of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	8.8
What is the average of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	8.8
average of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	8.8
number of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	1046
What is the number of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	1046
number of votes of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	1046
budget of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	nan
What is the budget of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	nan
budget of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	nan
number of reviews from users of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	25.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	25.0
number of reviews from users of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	25.0
number of reviews from critics of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Metallica & San Francisco Symphony - S&M2?	2.0
title of All You Can Dream	All You Can Dream
What is the title of All You Can Dream	All You Can Dream
title of All You Can Dream?	All You Can Dream
year of All You Can Dream	2012
What is the year of All You Can Dream	2012
year of All You Can Dream?	2012
date of All You Can Dream	2012-07-01
What is the date of All You Can Dream	2012-07-01
date of All You Can Dream?	2012-07-01
genre of All You Can Dream	Comedy, Drama, Family
What is the genre of All You Can Dream	Comedy, Drama, Family
genre of All You Can Dream?	Comedy, Drama, Family
duration of All You Can Dream	79
What is the duration of All You Can Dream	79
duration of All You Can Dream?	79
country of All You Can Dream	USA
What is the country of All You Can Dream	USA
country of All You Can Dream?	USA
language of All You Can Dream	English
What is the language of All You Can Dream	English
language of All You Can Dream?	English
director of All You Can Dream	Valerio Zanoli
Who is the director of All You Can Dream	Valerio Zanoli
director of All You Can Dream?	Valerio Zanoli
writer of All You Can Dream	Valerio Zanoli
Who is the writer of All You Can Dream	Valerio Zanoli
writer of All You Can Dream?	Valerio Zanoli
producer of All You Can Dream	All You Can Dream
Who is the producer of All You Can Dream	All You Can Dream
producer of All You Can Dream?	All You Can Dream
actors of All You Can Dream	Anastacia, Hali Mason, Laural Merlington, Lynn Shackelford, Scott Mellema, Laura Shank, Blake Price, Colin Ross, Keith Seccombe, Ken Reynolds, Chuck Bedinger, Sherryl Despres, Danielle Henderson, Barbara Mohrman, Stephen M. Paulsen
Who are the principle actors of All You Can Dream	Anastacia, Hali Mason, Laural Merlington, Lynn Shackelford, Scott Mellema, Laura Shank, Blake Price, Colin Ross, Keith Seccombe, Ken Reynolds, Chuck Bedinger, Sherryl Despres, Danielle Henderson, Barbara Mohrman, Stephen M. Paulsen
Who are the actors of All You Can Dream	Anastacia, Hali Mason, Laural Merlington, Lynn Shackelford, Scott Mellema, Laura Shank, Blake Price, Colin Ross, Keith Seccombe, Ken Reynolds, Chuck Bedinger, Sherryl Despres, Danielle Henderson, Barbara Mohrman, Stephen M. Paulsen
Who are the main actors of All You Can Dream	Anastacia, Hali Mason, Laural Merlington, Lynn Shackelford, Scott Mellema, Laura Shank, Blake Price, Colin Ross, Keith Seccombe, Ken Reynolds, Chuck Bedinger, Sherryl Despres, Danielle Henderson, Barbara Mohrman, Stephen M. Paulsen
actors of All You Can Dream?	Anastacia, Hali Mason, Laural Merlington, Lynn Shackelford, Scott Mellema, Laura Shank, Blake Price, Colin Ross, Keith Seccombe, Ken Reynolds, Chuck Bedinger, Sherryl Despres, Danielle Henderson, Barbara Mohrman, Stephen M. Paulsen
description of All You Can Dream	A young girl with some extra weight is helped by her guardian angel / favorite singer Anastacia to change her perspective on life. She will progressively acquire self-confidence, modify her...
What is the description of All You Can Dream	A young girl with some extra weight is helped by her guardian angel / favorite singer Anastacia to change her perspective on life. She will progressively acquire self-confidence, modify her...
description of All You Can Dream?	A young girl with some extra weight is helped by her guardian angel / favorite singer Anastacia to change her perspective on life. She will progressively acquire self-confidence, modify her...
average of votes of All You Can Dream	8.8
What is the average of votes of All You Can Dream	8.8
average of votes of All You Can Dream?	8.8
number of votes of All You Can Dream	879
What is the number of votes of All You Can Dream	879
number of votes of All You Can Dream?	879
budget of All You Can Dream	$ 2000000
What is the budget of All You Can Dream	$ 2000000
budget of All You Can Dream?	$ 2000000
number of reviews from users of All You Can Dream	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of All You Can Dream	nan
number of reviews from users of All You Can Dream?	nan
number of reviews from critics of All You Can Dream	11.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of All You Can Dream	11.0
number of reviews from critics of All You Can Dream?	11.0
title of The Matrix	The Matrix
What is the title of The Matrix	The Matrix
title of The Matrix?	The Matrix
year of The Matrix	1999
What is the year of The Matrix	1999
year of The Matrix?	1999
date of The Matrix	1999-05-07
What is the date of The Matrix	1999-05-07
date of The Matrix?	1999-05-07
genre of The Matrix	Action, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of The Matrix	Action, Sci-Fi
genre of The Matrix?	Action, Sci-Fi
duration of The Matrix	136
What is the duration of The Matrix	136
duration of The Matrix?	136
country of The Matrix	USA
What is the country of The Matrix	USA
country of The Matrix?	USA
language of The Matrix	English
What is the language of The Matrix	English
language of The Matrix?	English
director of The Matrix	Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski
Who is the director of The Matrix	Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski
director of The Matrix?	Lana Wachowski, Lilly Wachowski
writer of The Matrix	Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski
Who is the writer of The Matrix	Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski
writer of The Matrix?	Lilly Wachowski, Lana Wachowski
producer of The Matrix	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of The Matrix	Warner Bros.
producer of The Matrix?	Warner Bros.
actors of The Matrix	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory, Anthony Ray Parker, Paul Goddard, Robert Taylor, David Aston, Marc Aden Gray
Who are the principle actors of The Matrix	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory, Anthony Ray Parker, Paul Goddard, Robert Taylor, David Aston, Marc Aden Gray
Who are the actors of The Matrix	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory, Anthony Ray Parker, Paul Goddard, Robert Taylor, David Aston, Marc Aden Gray
Who are the main actors of The Matrix	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory, Anthony Ray Parker, Paul Goddard, Robert Taylor, David Aston, Marc Aden Gray
actors of The Matrix?	Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, Gloria Foster, Joe Pantoliano, Marcus Chong, Julian Arahanga, Matt Doran, Belinda McClory, Anthony Ray Parker, Paul Goddard, Robert Taylor, David Aston, Marc Aden Gray
description of The Matrix	A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
What is the description of The Matrix	A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
description of The Matrix?	A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
average of votes of The Matrix	8.7
What is the average of votes of The Matrix	8.7
average of votes of The Matrix?	8.7
number of votes of The Matrix	1632315
What is the number of votes of The Matrix	1632315
number of votes of The Matrix?	1632315
budget of The Matrix	$ 63000000
What is the budget of The Matrix	$ 63000000
budget of The Matrix?	$ 63000000
number of reviews from users of The Matrix	4310.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Matrix	4310.0
number of reviews from users of The Matrix?	4310.0
number of reviews from critics of The Matrix	342.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Matrix	342.0
number of reviews from critics of The Matrix?	342.0
title of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
What is the title of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
title of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
year of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1980
What is the year of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1980
year of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	1980
date of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1980-09-19
What is the date of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1980-09-19
date of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	1980-09-19
genre of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
What is the genre of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
genre of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
duration of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	124
What is the duration of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	124
duration of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	124
country of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	USA
What is the country of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	USA
country of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	USA
language of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	English
What is the language of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	English
language of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	English
director of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Irvin Kershner
Who is the director of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Irvin Kershner
director of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Irvin Kershner
writer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Leigh Brackett, Lawrence Kasdan
Who is the writer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Leigh Brackett, Lawrence Kasdan
writer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Leigh Brackett, Lawrence Kasdan
producer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Lucasfilm
Who is the producer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Lucasfilm
producer of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Lucasfilm
actors of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Peter Mayhew, Kenny Baker, Frank Oz, Alec Guinness, Jeremy Bulloch, John Hollis, Jack Purvis, Des Webb, Clive Revill
Who are the principle actors of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Peter Mayhew, Kenny Baker, Frank Oz, Alec Guinness, Jeremy Bulloch, John Hollis, Jack Purvis, Des Webb, Clive Revill
Who are the actors of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Peter Mayhew, Kenny Baker, Frank Oz, Alec Guinness, Jeremy Bulloch, John Hollis, Jack Purvis, Des Webb, Clive Revill
Who are the main actors of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Peter Mayhew, Kenny Baker, Frank Oz, Alec Guinness, Jeremy Bulloch, John Hollis, Jack Purvis, Des Webb, Clive Revill
actors of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Peter Mayhew, Kenny Baker, Frank Oz, Alec Guinness, Jeremy Bulloch, John Hollis, Jack Purvis, Des Webb, Clive Revill
description of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader and a bounty hunter named Boba Fett all over the galaxy.
What is the description of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader and a bounty hunter named Boba Fett all over the galaxy.
description of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader and a bounty hunter named Boba Fett all over the galaxy.
average of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	8.7
What is the average of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	8.7
average of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	8.7
number of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1132073
What is the number of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1132073
number of votes of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	1132073
budget of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	$ 18000000
What is the budget of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	$ 18000000
budget of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	$ 18000000
number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1229.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	1229.0
number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	1229.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	228.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back	228.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?	228.0
title of Goodfellas	Goodfellas
What is the title of Goodfellas	Goodfellas
title of Goodfellas?	Goodfellas
year of Goodfellas	1990
What is the year of Goodfellas	1990
year of Goodfellas?	1990
date of Goodfellas	1990-09-20
What is the date of Goodfellas	1990-09-20
date of Goodfellas?	1990-09-20
genre of Goodfellas	Biography, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Goodfellas	Biography, Crime, Drama
genre of Goodfellas?	Biography, Crime, Drama
duration of Goodfellas	146
What is the duration of Goodfellas	146
duration of Goodfellas?	146
country of Goodfellas	USA
What is the country of Goodfellas	USA
country of Goodfellas?	USA
language of Goodfellas	English, Italian
What is the language of Goodfellas	English, Italian
language of Goodfellas?	English, Italian
director of Goodfellas	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of Goodfellas	Martin Scorsese
director of Goodfellas?	Martin Scorsese
writer of Goodfellas	Nicholas Pileggi, Nicholas Pileggi
Who is the writer of Goodfellas	Nicholas Pileggi, Nicholas Pileggi
writer of Goodfellas?	Nicholas Pileggi, Nicholas Pileggi
producer of Goodfellas	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Goodfellas	Warner Bros.
producer of Goodfellas?	Warner Bros.
actors of Goodfellas	Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low, Frank DiLeo, Henny Youngman, Gina Mastrogiacomo, Catherine Scorsese, Charles Scorsese
Who are the principle actors of Goodfellas	Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low, Frank DiLeo, Henny Youngman, Gina Mastrogiacomo, Catherine Scorsese, Charles Scorsese
Who are the actors of Goodfellas	Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low, Frank DiLeo, Henny Youngman, Gina Mastrogiacomo, Catherine Scorsese, Charles Scorsese
Who are the main actors of Goodfellas	Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low, Frank DiLeo, Henny Youngman, Gina Mastrogiacomo, Catherine Scorsese, Charles Scorsese
actors of Goodfellas?	Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco, Paul Sorvino, Frank Sivero, Tony Darrow, Mike Starr, Frank Vincent, Chuck Low, Frank DiLeo, Henny Youngman, Gina Mastrogiacomo, Catherine Scorsese, Charles Scorsese
description of Goodfellas	The story of
What is the description of Goodfellas	The story of
description of Goodfellas?	The story of
average of votes of Goodfellas	8.7
What is the average of votes of Goodfellas	8.7
average of votes of Goodfellas?	8.7
number of votes of Goodfellas	991505
What is the number of votes of Goodfellas	991505
number of votes of Goodfellas?	991505
budget of Goodfellas	$ 25000000
What is the budget of Goodfellas	$ 25000000
budget of Goodfellas?	$ 25000000
number of reviews from users of Goodfellas	1324.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Goodfellas	1324.0
number of reviews from users of Goodfellas?	1324.0
number of reviews from critics of Goodfellas	146.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Goodfellas	146.0
number of reviews from critics of Goodfellas?	146.0
title of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
What is the title of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
title of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
year of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	1975
What is the year of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	1975
year of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	1975
date of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	1976-03-18
What is the date of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	1976-03-18
date of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	1976-03-18
genre of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Drama
What is the genre of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Drama
genre of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	Drama
duration of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	133
What is the duration of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	133
duration of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	133
country of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	USA
What is the country of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	USA
country of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	USA
language of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	English
What is the language of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	English
language of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	English
director of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Milos Forman
Who is the director of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Milos Forman
director of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	Milos Forman
writer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Lawrence Hauben, Bo Goldman
Who is the writer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Lawrence Hauben, Bo Goldman
writer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	Lawrence Hauben, Bo Goldman
producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Fantasy Films
Who is the producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Fantasy Films
producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	Fantasy Films
actors of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Will Sampson, Michael Berryman, Alonzo Brown, Peter Brocco, Scatman Crothers, Dean R. Brooks, Mwako Cumbuka, Danny DeVito, William Duell, Josip Elic, Lan Fendors, Nathan George, Ken Kenny
Who are the principle actors of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Will Sampson, Michael Berryman, Alonzo Brown, Peter Brocco, Scatman Crothers, Dean R. Brooks, Mwako Cumbuka, Danny DeVito, William Duell, Josip Elic, Lan Fendors, Nathan George, Ken Kenny
Who are the actors of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Will Sampson, Michael Berryman, Alonzo Brown, Peter Brocco, Scatman Crothers, Dean R. Brooks, Mwako Cumbuka, Danny DeVito, William Duell, Josip Elic, Lan Fendors, Nathan George, Ken Kenny
Who are the main actors of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Will Sampson, Michael Berryman, Alonzo Brown, Peter Brocco, Scatman Crothers, Dean R. Brooks, Mwako Cumbuka, Danny DeVito, William Duell, Josip Elic, Lan Fendors, Nathan George, Ken Kenny
actors of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	Jack Nicholson, Louise Fletcher, Will Sampson, Michael Berryman, Alonzo Brown, Peter Brocco, Scatman Crothers, Dean R. Brooks, Mwako Cumbuka, Danny DeVito, William Duell, Josip Elic, Lan Fendors, Nathan George, Ken Kenny
description of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.
What is the description of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.
description of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.
average of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	8.7
What is the average of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	8.7
average of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	8.7
number of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	891071
What is the number of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	891071
number of votes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	891071
budget of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	$ 3000000
What is the budget of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	$ 3000000
budget of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	$ 3000000
number of reviews from users of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	983.0
What is the number of reviews from users of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	983.0
number of reviews from users of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	983.0
number of reviews from critics of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	175.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	175.0
number of reviews from critics of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?	175.0
title of Hamilton	Hamilton
What is the title of Hamilton	Hamilton
title of Hamilton?	Hamilton
year of Hamilton	2020
What is the year of Hamilton	2020
year of Hamilton?	2020
date of Hamilton	2020-07-03
What is the date of Hamilton	2020-07-03
date of Hamilton?	2020-07-03
genre of Hamilton	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of Hamilton	Biography, Drama, History
genre of Hamilton?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of Hamilton	160
What is the duration of Hamilton	160
duration of Hamilton?	160
country of Hamilton	USA
What is the country of Hamilton	USA
country of Hamilton?	USA
language of Hamilton	English
What is the language of Hamilton	English
language of Hamilton?	English
director of Hamilton	Thomas Kail
Who is the director of Hamilton	Thomas Kail
director of Hamilton?	Thomas Kail
writer of Hamilton	Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ron Chernow
Who is the writer of Hamilton	Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ron Chernow
writer of Hamilton?	Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ron Chernow
producer of Hamilton	Walt Disney Pictures
Who is the producer of Hamilton	Walt Disney Pictures
producer of Hamilton?	Walt Disney Pictures
actors of Hamilton	Daveed Diggs, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Jonathan Groff, Chris Jackson, Jasmine Cephas Jones, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, Phillipa Soo, Carleigh Bettiol, Ariana DeBose, Hope Easterbrook, Sydney James Harcourt, Sasha Hutchings
Who are the principle actors of Hamilton	Daveed Diggs, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Jonathan Groff, Chris Jackson, Jasmine Cephas Jones, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, Phillipa Soo, Carleigh Bettiol, Ariana DeBose, Hope Easterbrook, Sydney James Harcourt, Sasha Hutchings
Who are the actors of Hamilton	Daveed Diggs, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Jonathan Groff, Chris Jackson, Jasmine Cephas Jones, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, Phillipa Soo, Carleigh Bettiol, Ariana DeBose, Hope Easterbrook, Sydney James Harcourt, Sasha Hutchings
Who are the main actors of Hamilton	Daveed Diggs, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Jonathan Groff, Chris Jackson, Jasmine Cephas Jones, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, Phillipa Soo, Carleigh Bettiol, Ariana DeBose, Hope Easterbrook, Sydney James Harcourt, Sasha Hutchings
actors of Hamilton?	Daveed Diggs, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Jonathan Groff, Chris Jackson, Jasmine Cephas Jones, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Leslie Odom Jr., Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, Phillipa Soo, Carleigh Bettiol, Ariana DeBose, Hope Easterbrook, Sydney James Harcourt, Sasha Hutchings
description of Hamilton	The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast.
What is the description of Hamilton	The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast.
description of Hamilton?	The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast.
average of votes of Hamilton	8.7
What is the average of votes of Hamilton	8.7
average of votes of Hamilton?	8.7
number of votes of Hamilton	37551
What is the number of votes of Hamilton	37551
number of votes of Hamilton?	37551
budget of Hamilton	nan
What is the budget of Hamilton	nan
budget of Hamilton?	nan
number of reviews from users of Hamilton	488.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Hamilton	488.0
number of reviews from users of Hamilton?	488.0
number of reviews from critics of Hamilton	86.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Hamilton	86.0
number of reviews from critics of Hamilton?	86.0
title of Stanley Stanton	Stanley Stanton
What is the title of Stanley Stanton	Stanley Stanton
title of Stanley Stanton?	Stanley Stanton
year of Stanley Stanton	2019
What is the year of Stanley Stanton	2019
year of Stanley Stanton?	2019
date of Stanley Stanton	2019-10-15
What is the date of Stanley Stanton	2019-10-15
date of Stanley Stanton?	2019-10-15
genre of Stanley Stanton	Drama
What is the genre of Stanley Stanton	Drama
genre of Stanley Stanton?	Drama
duration of Stanley Stanton	62
What is the duration of Stanley Stanton	62
duration of Stanley Stanton?	62
country of Stanley Stanton	USA
What is the country of Stanley Stanton	USA
country of Stanley Stanton?	USA
language of Stanley Stanton	English
What is the language of Stanley Stanton	English
language of Stanley Stanton?	English
director of Stanley Stanton	Mars McCracken
Who is the director of Stanley Stanton	Mars McCracken
director of Stanley Stanton?	Mars McCracken
writer of Stanley Stanton	Mars McCracken
Who is the writer of Stanley Stanton	Mars McCracken
writer of Stanley Stanton?	Mars McCracken
producer of Stanley Stanton	nan
Who is the producer of Stanley Stanton	nan
producer of Stanley Stanton?	nan
actors of Stanley Stanton	Bruce McCracken, Wesley Baldwin, Eric Harris, Noah Tobias Nielsen, Edyn Ballard, Jim Ballard, Marianne Baskin, Sean Beste, Doug Brand, Suzanne Brodine, Jack Caldwell, Christopher Creveling, Quinn Thomas Graham, Alexandra Hart, Darren Johnson
Who are the principle actors of Stanley Stanton	Bruce McCracken, Wesley Baldwin, Eric Harris, Noah Tobias Nielsen, Edyn Ballard, Jim Ballard, Marianne Baskin, Sean Beste, Doug Brand, Suzanne Brodine, Jack Caldwell, Christopher Creveling, Quinn Thomas Graham, Alexandra Hart, Darren Johnson
Who are the actors of Stanley Stanton	Bruce McCracken, Wesley Baldwin, Eric Harris, Noah Tobias Nielsen, Edyn Ballard, Jim Ballard, Marianne Baskin, Sean Beste, Doug Brand, Suzanne Brodine, Jack Caldwell, Christopher Creveling, Quinn Thomas Graham, Alexandra Hart, Darren Johnson
Who are the main actors of Stanley Stanton	Bruce McCracken, Wesley Baldwin, Eric Harris, Noah Tobias Nielsen, Edyn Ballard, Jim Ballard, Marianne Baskin, Sean Beste, Doug Brand, Suzanne Brodine, Jack Caldwell, Christopher Creveling, Quinn Thomas Graham, Alexandra Hart, Darren Johnson
actors of Stanley Stanton?	Bruce McCracken, Wesley Baldwin, Eric Harris, Noah Tobias Nielsen, Edyn Ballard, Jim Ballard, Marianne Baskin, Sean Beste, Doug Brand, Suzanne Brodine, Jack Caldwell, Christopher Creveling, Quinn Thomas Graham, Alexandra Hart, Darren Johnson
description of Stanley Stanton	Forced to watch flashbacks of his life, a pious man comes to the realization he's dead and on his way to hell. Inspired by a true event.
What is the description of Stanley Stanton	Forced to watch flashbacks of his life, a pious man comes to the realization he's dead and on his way to hell. Inspired by a true event.
description of Stanley Stanton?	Forced to watch flashbacks of his life, a pious man comes to the realization he's dead and on his way to hell. Inspired by a true event.
average of votes of Stanley Stanton	8.7
What is the average of votes of Stanley Stanton	8.7
average of votes of Stanley Stanton?	8.7
number of votes of Stanley Stanton	904
What is the number of votes of Stanley Stanton	904
number of votes of Stanley Stanton?	904
budget of Stanley Stanton	$ 10000
What is the budget of Stanley Stanton	$ 10000
budget of Stanley Stanton?	$ 10000
number of reviews from users of Stanley Stanton	2.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Stanley Stanton	2.0
number of reviews from users of Stanley Stanton?	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Stanley Stanton	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Stanley Stanton	nan
number of reviews from critics of Stanley Stanton?	nan
title of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review
What is the title of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review
title of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review
year of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	2011
What is the year of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	2011
year of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	2011
date of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	2011-12-23
What is the date of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	2011-12-23
date of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	2011-12-23
genre of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Comedy
What is the genre of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Comedy
genre of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Comedy
duration of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	70
What is the duration of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	70
duration of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	70
country of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	USA
What is the country of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	USA
country of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	USA
language of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	English
What is the language of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	English
language of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	English
director of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the director of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
director of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the writer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Mike Stoklasa
producer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Red Letter Media
Who is the producer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Red Letter Media
producer of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Red Letter Media
actors of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the principle actors of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the actors of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the main actors of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mike Stoklasa
actors of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Mike Stoklasa
description of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mr. Plinkett explains why Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull falls flat compared to the original trilogy.
What is the description of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	Mr. Plinkett explains why Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull falls flat compared to the original trilogy.
description of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	Mr. Plinkett explains why Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull falls flat compared to the original trilogy.
average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	8.7
What is the average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	8.7
average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	8.7
number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	566
What is the number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	566
number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	566
budget of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
What is the budget of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
budget of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	nan
number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review	nan
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Review?	nan
title of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals
What is the title of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals
title of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals
year of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	2018
What is the year of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	2018
year of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	2018
date of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	2018-12-23
What is the date of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	2018-12-23
date of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	2018-12-23
genre of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Comedy, Musical
What is the genre of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Comedy, Musical
genre of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	Comedy, Musical
duration of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	112
What is the duration of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	112
duration of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	112
country of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	USA
What is the country of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	USA
country of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	USA
language of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	English
What is the language of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	English
language of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	English
director of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Nick Lang
Who is the director of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Nick Lang
director of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	Nick Lang
writer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Matt Lang, Nick Lang
Who is the writer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Matt Lang, Nick Lang
writer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	Matt Lang, Nick Lang
producer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	StarKid Productions
Who is the producer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	StarKid Productions
producer of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	StarKid Productions
actors of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Jon Matteson, Lauren Lopez, Joey Richter, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Corey Dorris, Robert Manion, Mariah Rose Faith, Jeff Blim
Who are the principle actors of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Jon Matteson, Lauren Lopez, Joey Richter, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Corey Dorris, Robert Manion, Mariah Rose Faith, Jeff Blim
Who are the actors of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Jon Matteson, Lauren Lopez, Joey Richter, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Corey Dorris, Robert Manion, Mariah Rose Faith, Jeff Blim
Who are the main actors of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Jon Matteson, Lauren Lopez, Joey Richter, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Corey Dorris, Robert Manion, Mariah Rose Faith, Jeff Blim
actors of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	Jon Matteson, Lauren Lopez, Joey Richter, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Corey Dorris, Robert Manion, Mariah Rose Faith, Jeff Blim
description of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Paul is an average guy. He likes movies, and pizza, and average guy things. He does not like - musicals. But Paul's small world is about to come crashing down under the weight of ...
What is the description of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	Paul is an average guy. He likes movies, and pizza, and average guy things. He does not like - musicals. But Paul's small world is about to come crashing down under the weight of ...
description of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	Paul is an average guy. He likes movies, and pizza, and average guy things. He does not like - musicals. But Paul's small world is about to come crashing down under the weight of ...
average of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	8.7
What is the average of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	8.7
average of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	8.7
number of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	330
What is the number of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	330
number of votes of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	330
budget of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	$ 130000
What is the budget of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	$ 130000
budget of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	$ 130000
number of reviews from users of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	4.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	4.0
number of reviews from users of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	4.0
number of reviews from critics of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Guy Who Didn't Like Musicals?	nan
title of Strive	Strive
What is the title of Strive	Strive
title of Strive?	Strive
year of Strive	2019
What is the year of Strive	2019
year of Strive?	2019
date of Strive	2019-05-19
What is the date of Strive	2019-05-19
date of Strive?	2019-05-19
genre of Strive	Drama
What is the genre of Strive	Drama
genre of Strive?	Drama
duration of Strive	82
What is the duration of Strive	82
duration of Strive?	82
country of Strive	USA
What is the country of Strive	USA
country of Strive?	USA
language of Strive	English
What is the language of Strive	English
language of Strive?	English
director of Strive	Robert Rippberger
Who is the director of Strive	Robert Rippberger
director of Strive?	Robert Rippberger
writer of Strive	Sha-Risse Smith, Piper Dellums
Who is the writer of Strive	Sha-Risse Smith, Piper Dellums
writer of Strive?	Sha-Risse Smith, Piper Dellums
producer of Strive	Aletheia Films
Who is the producer of Strive	Aletheia Films
producer of Strive?	Aletheia Films
actors of Strive	Danny Glover, Michelle Joyner, Nicole Ehinger, Tony D. Head, Alexandra Rosario, Scarlett Sperduto, Shaylin Becton, Francesca Ruscio, Leopold Manswell, Joi Starr, William C. Tate, Monica Geraffo, Chelsea Lee Williams, Ricky Flowers Jr., Al-nisa Petty
Who are the principle actors of Strive	Danny Glover, Michelle Joyner, Nicole Ehinger, Tony D. Head, Alexandra Rosario, Scarlett Sperduto, Shaylin Becton, Francesca Ruscio, Leopold Manswell, Joi Starr, William C. Tate, Monica Geraffo, Chelsea Lee Williams, Ricky Flowers Jr., Al-nisa Petty
Who are the actors of Strive	Danny Glover, Michelle Joyner, Nicole Ehinger, Tony D. Head, Alexandra Rosario, Scarlett Sperduto, Shaylin Becton, Francesca Ruscio, Leopold Manswell, Joi Starr, William C. Tate, Monica Geraffo, Chelsea Lee Williams, Ricky Flowers Jr., Al-nisa Petty
Who are the main actors of Strive	Danny Glover, Michelle Joyner, Nicole Ehinger, Tony D. Head, Alexandra Rosario, Scarlett Sperduto, Shaylin Becton, Francesca Ruscio, Leopold Manswell, Joi Starr, William C. Tate, Monica Geraffo, Chelsea Lee Williams, Ricky Flowers Jr., Al-nisa Petty
actors of Strive?	Danny Glover, Michelle Joyner, Nicole Ehinger, Tony D. Head, Alexandra Rosario, Scarlett Sperduto, Shaylin Becton, Francesca Ruscio, Leopold Manswell, Joi Starr, William C. Tate, Monica Geraffo, Chelsea Lee Williams, Ricky Flowers Jr., Al-nisa Petty
description of Strive	A teenager from the projects in Harlem aims to get into Yale, but must push against the world holding her back.
What is the description of Strive	A teenager from the projects in Harlem aims to get into Yale, but must push against the world holding her back.
description of Strive?	A teenager from the projects in Harlem aims to get into Yale, but must push against the world holding her back.
average of votes of Strive	8.7
What is the average of votes of Strive	8.7
average of votes of Strive?	8.7
number of votes of Strive	291
What is the number of votes of Strive	291
number of votes of Strive?	291
budget of Strive	nan
What is the budget of Strive	nan
budget of Strive?	nan
number of reviews from users of Strive	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Strive	nan
number of reviews from users of Strive?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Strive	5.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Strive	5.0
number of reviews from critics of Strive?	5.0
title of Spies Are Forever	Spies Are Forever
What is the title of Spies Are Forever	Spies Are Forever
title of Spies Are Forever?	Spies Are Forever
year of Spies Are Forever	2016
What is the year of Spies Are Forever	2016
year of Spies Are Forever?	2016
date of Spies Are Forever	2016-06-21
What is the date of Spies Are Forever	2016-06-21
date of Spies Are Forever?	2016-06-21
genre of Spies Are Forever	Musical
What is the genre of Spies Are Forever	Musical
genre of Spies Are Forever?	Musical
duration of Spies Are Forever	159
What is the duration of Spies Are Forever	159
duration of Spies Are Forever?	159
country of Spies Are Forever	USA
What is the country of Spies Are Forever	USA
country of Spies Are Forever?	USA
language of Spies Are Forever	English
What is the language of Spies Are Forever	English
language of Spies Are Forever?	English
director of Spies Are Forever	Corey Lubowich
Who is the director of Spies Are Forever	Corey Lubowich
director of Spies Are Forever?	Corey Lubowich
writer of Spies Are Forever	Brian Rosenthal, Joey Richter
Who is the writer of Spies Are Forever	Brian Rosenthal, Joey Richter
writer of Spies Are Forever?	Brian Rosenthal, Joey Richter
producer of Spies Are Forever	Tin Can Brothers
Who is the producer of Spies Are Forever	Tin Can Brothers
producer of Spies Are Forever?	Tin Can Brothers
actors of Spies Are Forever	Curt Mega, Mary Kate Wiles, Joey Richter, Brian Rosenthal, Lauren Lopez, Tessa Netting, Joe Walker, Al Fallick
Who are the principle actors of Spies Are Forever	Curt Mega, Mary Kate Wiles, Joey Richter, Brian Rosenthal, Lauren Lopez, Tessa Netting, Joe Walker, Al Fallick
Who are the actors of Spies Are Forever	Curt Mega, Mary Kate Wiles, Joey Richter, Brian Rosenthal, Lauren Lopez, Tessa Netting, Joe Walker, Al Fallick
Who are the main actors of Spies Are Forever	Curt Mega, Mary Kate Wiles, Joey Richter, Brian Rosenthal, Lauren Lopez, Tessa Netting, Joe Walker, Al Fallick
actors of Spies Are Forever?	Curt Mega, Mary Kate Wiles, Joey Richter, Brian Rosenthal, Lauren Lopez, Tessa Netting, Joe Walker, Al Fallick
description of Spies Are Forever	In SPIES ARE FOREVER Agent Curt Mega finds himself thrust into the shadows of Cold War politics as he works to foil a plot to rebuild the Nazi empire. Along the way, Agent Mega must tango ...
What is the description of Spies Are Forever	In SPIES ARE FOREVER Agent Curt Mega finds himself thrust into the shadows of Cold War politics as he works to foil a plot to rebuild the Nazi empire. Along the way, Agent Mega must tango ...
description of Spies Are Forever?	In SPIES ARE FOREVER Agent Curt Mega finds himself thrust into the shadows of Cold War politics as he works to foil a plot to rebuild the Nazi empire. Along the way, Agent Mega must tango ...
average of votes of Spies Are Forever	8.7
What is the average of votes of Spies Are Forever	8.7
average of votes of Spies Are Forever?	8.7
number of votes of Spies Are Forever	166
What is the number of votes of Spies Are Forever	166
number of votes of Spies Are Forever?	166
budget of Spies Are Forever	nan
What is the budget of Spies Are Forever	nan
budget of Spies Are Forever?	nan
number of reviews from users of Spies Are Forever	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Spies Are Forever	nan
number of reviews from users of Spies Are Forever?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Spies Are Forever	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Spies Are Forever	nan
number of reviews from critics of Spies Are Forever?	nan
title of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	These Words Must Be on Your Heart
What is the title of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	These Words Must Be on Your Heart
title of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	These Words Must Be on Your Heart
year of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	2014
What is the year of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	2014
year of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	2014
date of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	2014
What is the date of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	2014
date of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	2014
genre of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Drama
What is the genre of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Drama
genre of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	Drama
duration of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	69
What is the duration of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	69
duration of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	69
country of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	USA
What is the country of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	USA
country of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	USA
language of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	English
What is the language of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	English
language of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	English
director of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
Who is the director of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
director of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	nan
writer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
Who is the writer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
writer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	nan
producer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Watchtower Bible & Tract Society of New York
Who is the producer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Watchtower Bible & Tract Society of New York
producer of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	Watchtower Bible & Tract Society of New York
actors of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
Who are the principle actors of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
Who are the actors of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
Who are the main actors of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
actors of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	nan
description of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Thomas Roman struggles to figure out why he doesn't know anything about his family. It isn't until his family invites a couple to live in his basement apartment that they help him to see ...
What is the description of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	Thomas Roman struggles to figure out why he doesn't know anything about his family. It isn't until his family invites a couple to live in his basement apartment that they help him to see ...
description of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	Thomas Roman struggles to figure out why he doesn't know anything about his family. It isn't until his family invites a couple to live in his basement apartment that they help him to see ...
average of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	8.7
What is the average of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	8.7
average of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	8.7
number of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	120
What is the number of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	120
number of votes of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	120
budget of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
What is the budget of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
budget of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	nan
number of reviews from users of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	1.0
What is the number of reviews from users of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	1.0
number of reviews from users of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	1.0
number of reviews from critics of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of These Words Must Be on Your Heart	nan
number of reviews from critics of These Words Must Be on Your Heart?	nan
title of Se7en	Se7en
What is the title of Se7en	Se7en
title of Se7en?	Se7en
year of Se7en	1995
What is the year of Se7en	1995
year of Se7en?	1995
date of Se7en	1995-12-15
What is the date of Se7en	1995-12-15
date of Se7en?	1995-12-15
genre of Se7en	Crime, Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of Se7en	Crime, Drama, Mystery
genre of Se7en?	Crime, Drama, Mystery
duration of Se7en	127
What is the duration of Se7en	127
duration of Se7en?	127
country of Se7en	USA
What is the country of Se7en	USA
country of Se7en?	USA
language of Se7en	English
What is the language of Se7en	English
language of Se7en?	English
director of Se7en	David Fincher
Who is the director of Se7en	David Fincher
director of Se7en?	David Fincher
writer of Se7en	Andrew Kevin Walker
Who is the writer of Se7en	Andrew Kevin Walker
writer of Se7en?	Andrew Kevin Walker
producer of Se7en	Cecchi Gori Pictures
Who is the producer of Se7en	Cecchi Gori Pictures
producer of Se7en?	Cecchi Gori Pictures
actors of Se7en	Morgan Freeman, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Cassini, Bob Mack, Peter Crombie, Reg E. Cathey, R. Lee Ermey, George Christy, Endre Hules, Hawthorne James, William Davidson, Bob Collins
Who are the principle actors of Se7en	Morgan Freeman, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Cassini, Bob Mack, Peter Crombie, Reg E. Cathey, R. Lee Ermey, George Christy, Endre Hules, Hawthorne James, William Davidson, Bob Collins
Who are the actors of Se7en	Morgan Freeman, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Cassini, Bob Mack, Peter Crombie, Reg E. Cathey, R. Lee Ermey, George Christy, Endre Hules, Hawthorne James, William Davidson, Bob Collins
Who are the main actors of Se7en	Morgan Freeman, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Cassini, Bob Mack, Peter Crombie, Reg E. Cathey, R. Lee Ermey, George Christy, Endre Hules, Hawthorne James, William Davidson, Bob Collins
actors of Se7en?	Morgan Freeman, Andrew Kevin Walker, Daniel Zacapa, Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Cassini, Bob Mack, Peter Crombie, Reg E. Cathey, R. Lee Ermey, George Christy, Endre Hules, Hawthorne James, William Davidson, Bob Collins
description of Se7en	Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.
What is the description of Se7en	Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.
description of Se7en?	Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.
average of votes of Se7en	8.6
What is the average of votes of Se7en	8.6
average of votes of Se7en?	8.6
number of votes of Se7en	1402015
What is the number of votes of Se7en	1402015
number of votes of Se7en?	1402015
budget of Se7en	$ 33000000
What is the budget of Se7en	$ 33000000
budget of Se7en?	$ 33000000
number of reviews from users of Se7en	1490.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Se7en	1490.0
number of reviews from users of Se7en?	1490.0
number of reviews from critics of Se7en	229.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Se7en	229.0
number of reviews from critics of Se7en?	229.0
title of The Silence of the Lambs	The Silence of the Lambs
What is the title of The Silence of the Lambs	The Silence of the Lambs
title of The Silence of the Lambs?	The Silence of the Lambs
year of The Silence of the Lambs	1991
What is the year of The Silence of the Lambs	1991
year of The Silence of the Lambs?	1991
date of The Silence of the Lambs	1991-03-05
What is the date of The Silence of the Lambs	1991-03-05
date of The Silence of the Lambs?	1991-03-05
genre of The Silence of the Lambs	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of The Silence of the Lambs	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of The Silence of the Lambs?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of The Silence of the Lambs	118
What is the duration of The Silence of the Lambs	118
duration of The Silence of the Lambs?	118
country of The Silence of the Lambs	USA
What is the country of The Silence of the Lambs	USA
country of The Silence of the Lambs?	USA
language of The Silence of the Lambs	English, Latin
What is the language of The Silence of the Lambs	English, Latin
language of The Silence of the Lambs?	English, Latin
director of The Silence of the Lambs	Jonathan Demme
Who is the director of The Silence of the Lambs	Jonathan Demme
director of The Silence of the Lambs?	Jonathan Demme
writer of The Silence of the Lambs	Thomas Harris, Ted Tally
Who is the writer of The Silence of the Lambs	Thomas Harris, Ted Tally
writer of The Silence of the Lambs?	Thomas Harris, Ted Tally
producer of The Silence of the Lambs	Strong Heart/Demme Production
Who is the producer of The Silence of the Lambs	Strong Heart/Demme Production
producer of The Silence of the Lambs?	Strong Heart/Demme Production
actors of The Silence of the Lambs	Jodie Foster, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons, Lawrence T. Wrentz, Scott Glenn, Anthony Heald, Frankie Faison, Don Brockett, Frank Seals Jr., Stuart Rudin, Anthony Hopkins, Maria Skorobogatov, Jeffrie Lane, Leib Lensky, George 'Red' Schwartz
Who are the principle actors of The Silence of the Lambs	Jodie Foster, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons, Lawrence T. Wrentz, Scott Glenn, Anthony Heald, Frankie Faison, Don Brockett, Frank Seals Jr., Stuart Rudin, Anthony Hopkins, Maria Skorobogatov, Jeffrie Lane, Leib Lensky, George 'Red' Schwartz
Who are the actors of The Silence of the Lambs	Jodie Foster, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons, Lawrence T. Wrentz, Scott Glenn, Anthony Heald, Frankie Faison, Don Brockett, Frank Seals Jr., Stuart Rudin, Anthony Hopkins, Maria Skorobogatov, Jeffrie Lane, Leib Lensky, George 'Red' Schwartz
Who are the main actors of The Silence of the Lambs	Jodie Foster, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons, Lawrence T. Wrentz, Scott Glenn, Anthony Heald, Frankie Faison, Don Brockett, Frank Seals Jr., Stuart Rudin, Anthony Hopkins, Maria Skorobogatov, Jeffrie Lane, Leib Lensky, George 'Red' Schwartz
actors of The Silence of the Lambs?	Jodie Foster, Lawrence A. Bonney, Kasi Lemmons, Lawrence T. Wrentz, Scott Glenn, Anthony Heald, Frankie Faison, Don Brockett, Frank Seals Jr., Stuart Rudin, Anthony Hopkins, Maria Skorobogatov, Jeffrie Lane, Leib Lensky, George 'Red' Schwartz
description of The Silence of the Lambs	A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.
What is the description of The Silence of the Lambs	A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.
description of The Silence of the Lambs?	A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.
average of votes of The Silence of the Lambs	8.6
What is the average of votes of The Silence of the Lambs	8.6
average of votes of The Silence of the Lambs?	8.6
number of votes of The Silence of the Lambs	1234134
What is the number of votes of The Silence of the Lambs	1234134
number of votes of The Silence of the Lambs?	1234134
budget of The Silence of the Lambs	$ 19000000
What is the budget of The Silence of the Lambs	$ 19000000
budget of The Silence of the Lambs?	$ 19000000
number of reviews from users of The Silence of the Lambs	1326.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Silence of the Lambs	1326.0
number of reviews from users of The Silence of the Lambs?	1326.0
number of reviews from critics of The Silence of the Lambs	224.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Silence of the Lambs	224.0
number of reviews from critics of The Silence of the Lambs?	224.0
title of Star Wars	Star Wars
What is the title of Star Wars	Star Wars
title of Star Wars?	Star Wars
year of Star Wars	1977
What is the year of Star Wars	1977
year of Star Wars?	1977
date of Star Wars	1977-10-20
What is the date of Star Wars	1977-10-20
date of Star Wars?	1977-10-20
genre of Star Wars	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
What is the genre of Star Wars	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
genre of Star Wars?	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
duration of Star Wars	121
What is the duration of Star Wars	121
duration of Star Wars?	121
country of Star Wars	USA
What is the country of Star Wars	USA
country of Star Wars?	USA
language of Star Wars	English
What is the language of Star Wars	English
language of Star Wars?	English
director of Star Wars	George Lucas
Who is the director of Star Wars	George Lucas
director of Star Wars?	George Lucas
writer of Star Wars	George Lucas
Who is the writer of Star Wars	George Lucas
writer of Star Wars?	George Lucas
producer of Star Wars	Lucasfilm
Who is the producer of Star Wars	Lucasfilm
producer of Star Wars?	Lucasfilm
actors of Star Wars	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, David Prowse, Phil Brown, Shelagh Fraser, Jack Purvis, Alex McCrindle, Eddie Byrne, Drewe Henley
Who are the principle actors of Star Wars	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, David Prowse, Phil Brown, Shelagh Fraser, Jack Purvis, Alex McCrindle, Eddie Byrne, Drewe Henley
Who are the actors of Star Wars	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, David Prowse, Phil Brown, Shelagh Fraser, Jack Purvis, Alex McCrindle, Eddie Byrne, Drewe Henley
Who are the main actors of Star Wars	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, David Prowse, Phil Brown, Shelagh Fraser, Jack Purvis, Alex McCrindle, Eddie Byrne, Drewe Henley
actors of Star Wars?	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, David Prowse, Phil Brown, Shelagh Fraser, Jack Purvis, Alex McCrindle, Eddie Byrne, Drewe Henley
description of Star Wars	Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.
What is the description of Star Wars	Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.
description of Star Wars?	Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.
average of votes of Star Wars	8.6
What is the average of votes of Star Wars	8.6
average of votes of Star Wars?	8.6
number of votes of Star Wars	1204107
What is the number of votes of Star Wars	1204107
number of votes of Star Wars?	1204107
budget of Star Wars	$ 11000000
What is the budget of Star Wars	$ 11000000
budget of Star Wars?	$ 11000000
number of reviews from users of Star Wars	1852.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Star Wars	1852.0
number of reviews from users of Star Wars?	1852.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars	192.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Star Wars	192.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars?	192.0
title of Saving Private Ryan	Saving Private Ryan
What is the title of Saving Private Ryan	Saving Private Ryan
title of Saving Private Ryan?	Saving Private Ryan
year of Saving Private Ryan	1998
What is the year of Saving Private Ryan	1998
year of Saving Private Ryan?	1998
date of Saving Private Ryan	1998-10-30
What is the date of Saving Private Ryan	1998-10-30
date of Saving Private Ryan?	1998-10-30
genre of Saving Private Ryan	Drama, War
What is the genre of Saving Private Ryan	Drama, War
genre of Saving Private Ryan?	Drama, War
duration of Saving Private Ryan	169
What is the duration of Saving Private Ryan	169
duration of Saving Private Ryan?	169
country of Saving Private Ryan	USA
What is the country of Saving Private Ryan	USA
country of Saving Private Ryan?	USA
language of Saving Private Ryan	English, French, German, Czech
What is the language of Saving Private Ryan	English, French, German, Czech
language of Saving Private Ryan?	English, French, German, Czech
director of Saving Private Ryan	Steven Spielberg
Who is the director of Saving Private Ryan	Steven Spielberg
director of Saving Private Ryan?	Steven Spielberg
writer of Saving Private Ryan	Robert Rodat
Who is the writer of Saving Private Ryan	Robert Rodat
writer of Saving Private Ryan?	Robert Rodat
producer of Saving Private Ryan	DreamWorks
Who is the producer of Saving Private Ryan	DreamWorks
producer of Saving Private Ryan?	DreamWorks
actors of Saving Private Ryan	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Jeremy Davies, Matt Damon, Ted Danson, Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Joerg Stadler, Max Martini, Dylan Bruno
Who are the principle actors of Saving Private Ryan	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Jeremy Davies, Matt Damon, Ted Danson, Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Joerg Stadler, Max Martini, Dylan Bruno
Who are the actors of Saving Private Ryan	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Jeremy Davies, Matt Damon, Ted Danson, Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Joerg Stadler, Max Martini, Dylan Bruno
Who are the main actors of Saving Private Ryan	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Jeremy Davies, Matt Damon, Ted Danson, Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Joerg Stadler, Max Martini, Dylan Bruno
actors of Saving Private Ryan?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edward Burns, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Jeremy Davies, Matt Damon, Ted Danson, Paul Giamatti, Dennis Farina, Joerg Stadler, Max Martini, Dylan Bruno
description of Saving Private Ryan	Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.
What is the description of Saving Private Ryan	Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.
description of Saving Private Ryan?	Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.
average of votes of Saving Private Ryan	8.6
What is the average of votes of Saving Private Ryan	8.6
average of votes of Saving Private Ryan?	8.6
number of votes of Saving Private Ryan	1203825
What is the number of votes of Saving Private Ryan	1203825
number of votes of Saving Private Ryan?	1203825
budget of Saving Private Ryan	$ 70000000
What is the budget of Saving Private Ryan	$ 70000000
budget of Saving Private Ryan?	$ 70000000
number of reviews from users of Saving Private Ryan	2610.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Saving Private Ryan	2610.0
number of reviews from users of Saving Private Ryan?	2610.0
number of reviews from critics of Saving Private Ryan	268.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Saving Private Ryan	268.0
number of reviews from critics of Saving Private Ryan?	268.0
title of The Green Mile	The Green Mile
What is the title of The Green Mile	The Green Mile
title of The Green Mile?	The Green Mile
year of The Green Mile	1999
What is the year of The Green Mile	1999
year of The Green Mile?	1999
date of The Green Mile	2000-03-10
What is the date of The Green Mile	2000-03-10
date of The Green Mile?	2000-03-10
genre of The Green Mile	Crime, Drama, Fantasy
What is the genre of The Green Mile	Crime, Drama, Fantasy
genre of The Green Mile?	Crime, Drama, Fantasy
duration of The Green Mile	189
What is the duration of The Green Mile	189
duration of The Green Mile?	189
country of The Green Mile	USA
What is the country of The Green Mile	USA
country of The Green Mile?	USA
language of The Green Mile	English, French
What is the language of The Green Mile	English, French
language of The Green Mile?	English, French
director of The Green Mile	Frank Darabont
Who is the director of The Green Mile	Frank Darabont
director of The Green Mile?	Frank Darabont
writer of The Green Mile	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
Who is the writer of The Green Mile	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
writer of The Green Mile?	Stephen King, Frank Darabont
producer of The Green Mile	Castle Rock Entertainment
Who is the producer of The Green Mile	Castle Rock Entertainment
producer of The Green Mile?	Castle Rock Entertainment
actors of The Green Mile	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Michael Jeter, Graham Greene, Doug Hutchison, Sam Rockwell, Barry Pepper, Jeffrey DeMunn, Patricia Clarkson, Harry Dean Stanton, Dabbs Greer, Eve Brent
Who are the principle actors of The Green Mile	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Michael Jeter, Graham Greene, Doug Hutchison, Sam Rockwell, Barry Pepper, Jeffrey DeMunn, Patricia Clarkson, Harry Dean Stanton, Dabbs Greer, Eve Brent
Who are the actors of The Green Mile	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Michael Jeter, Graham Greene, Doug Hutchison, Sam Rockwell, Barry Pepper, Jeffrey DeMunn, Patricia Clarkson, Harry Dean Stanton, Dabbs Greer, Eve Brent
Who are the main actors of The Green Mile	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Michael Jeter, Graham Greene, Doug Hutchison, Sam Rockwell, Barry Pepper, Jeffrey DeMunn, Patricia Clarkson, Harry Dean Stanton, Dabbs Greer, Eve Brent
actors of The Green Mile?	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Bonnie Hunt, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Michael Jeter, Graham Greene, Doug Hutchison, Sam Rockwell, Barry Pepper, Jeffrey DeMunn, Patricia Clarkson, Harry Dean Stanton, Dabbs Greer, Eve Brent
description of The Green Mile	The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
What is the description of The Green Mile	The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
description of The Green Mile?	The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
average of votes of The Green Mile	8.6
What is the average of votes of The Green Mile	8.6
average of votes of The Green Mile?	8.6
number of votes of The Green Mile	1112336
What is the number of votes of The Green Mile	1112336
number of votes of The Green Mile?	1112336
budget of The Green Mile	$ 60000000
What is the budget of The Green Mile	$ 60000000
budget of The Green Mile?	$ 60000000
number of reviews from users of The Green Mile	1761.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Green Mile	1761.0
number of reviews from users of The Green Mile?	1761.0
number of reviews from critics of The Green Mile	205.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Green Mile	205.0
number of reviews from critics of The Green Mile?	205.0
title of La vita è bella	La vita è bella
What is the title of La vita è bella	La vita è bella
title of La vita è bella?	La vita è bella
year of La vita è bella	1997
What is the year of La vita è bella	1997
year of La vita è bella?	1997
date of La vita è bella	1997-12-20
What is the date of La vita è bella	1997-12-20
date of La vita è bella?	1997-12-20
genre of La vita è bella	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of La vita è bella	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of La vita è bella?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of La vita è bella	116
What is the duration of La vita è bella	116
duration of La vita è bella?	116
country of La vita è bella	Italy
What is the country of La vita è bella	Italy
country of La vita è bella?	Italy
language of La vita è bella	Italian, German, English
What is the language of La vita è bella	Italian, German, English
language of La vita è bella?	Italian, German, English
director of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni
Who is the director of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni
director of La vita è bella?	Roberto Benigni
writer of La vita è bella	Vincenzo Cerami, Roberto Benigni
Who is the writer of La vita è bella	Vincenzo Cerami, Roberto Benigni
writer of La vita è bella?	Vincenzo Cerami, Roberto Benigni
producer of La vita è bella	Melampo Cinematografica
Who is the producer of La vita è bella	Melampo Cinematografica
producer of La vita è bella?	Melampo Cinematografica
actors of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric, Marisa Paredes, Horst Buchholz, Lidia Alfonsi, Giuliana Lojodice, Amerigo Fontani, Pietro De Silva, Francesco Guzzo, Raffaella Lebboroni, Claudio Alfonsi, Gil Baroni
Who are the principle actors of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric, Marisa Paredes, Horst Buchholz, Lidia Alfonsi, Giuliana Lojodice, Amerigo Fontani, Pietro De Silva, Francesco Guzzo, Raffaella Lebboroni, Claudio Alfonsi, Gil Baroni
Who are the actors of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric, Marisa Paredes, Horst Buchholz, Lidia Alfonsi, Giuliana Lojodice, Amerigo Fontani, Pietro De Silva, Francesco Guzzo, Raffaella Lebboroni, Claudio Alfonsi, Gil Baroni
Who are the main actors of La vita è bella	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric, Marisa Paredes, Horst Buchholz, Lidia Alfonsi, Giuliana Lojodice, Amerigo Fontani, Pietro De Silva, Francesco Guzzo, Raffaella Lebboroni, Claudio Alfonsi, Gil Baroni
actors of La vita è bella?	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Giorgio Cantarini, Giustino Durano, Sergio Bini Bustric, Marisa Paredes, Horst Buchholz, Lidia Alfonsi, Giuliana Lojodice, Amerigo Fontani, Pietro De Silva, Francesco Guzzo, Raffaella Lebboroni, Claudio Alfonsi, Gil Baroni
description of La vita è bella	When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.
What is the description of La vita è bella	When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.
description of La vita è bella?	When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.
average of votes of La vita è bella	8.6
What is the average of votes of La vita è bella	8.6
average of votes of La vita è bella?	8.6
number of votes of La vita è bella	605648
What is the number of votes of La vita è bella	605648
number of votes of La vita è bella?	605648
budget of La vita è bella	$ 20000000
What is the budget of La vita è bella	$ 20000000
budget of La vita è bella?	$ 20000000
number of reviews from users of La vita è bella	1335.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La vita è bella	1335.0
number of reviews from users of La vita è bella?	1335.0
number of reviews from critics of La vita è bella	150.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La vita è bella	150.0
number of reviews from critics of La vita è bella?	150.0
title of It's a Wonderful Life	It's a Wonderful Life
What is the title of It's a Wonderful Life	It's a Wonderful Life
title of It's a Wonderful Life?	It's a Wonderful Life
year of It's a Wonderful Life	1946
What is the year of It's a Wonderful Life	1946
year of It's a Wonderful Life?	1946
date of It's a Wonderful Life	1948-03-11
What is the date of It's a Wonderful Life	1948-03-11
date of It's a Wonderful Life?	1948-03-11
genre of It's a Wonderful Life	Drama, Family, Fantasy
What is the genre of It's a Wonderful Life	Drama, Family, Fantasy
genre of It's a Wonderful Life?	Drama, Family, Fantasy
duration of It's a Wonderful Life	130
What is the duration of It's a Wonderful Life	130
duration of It's a Wonderful Life?	130
country of It's a Wonderful Life	USA
What is the country of It's a Wonderful Life	USA
country of It's a Wonderful Life?	USA
language of It's a Wonderful Life	English, French
What is the language of It's a Wonderful Life	English, French
language of It's a Wonderful Life?	English, French
director of It's a Wonderful Life	Frank Capra
Who is the director of It's a Wonderful Life	Frank Capra
director of It's a Wonderful Life?	Frank Capra
writer of It's a Wonderful Life	Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett
Who is the writer of It's a Wonderful Life	Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett
writer of It's a Wonderful Life?	Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett
producer of It's a Wonderful Life	Liberty Films (II)
Who is the producer of It's a Wonderful Life	Liberty Films (II)
producer of It's a Wonderful Life?	Liberty Films (II)
actors of It's a Wonderful Life	James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers, Beulah Bondi, Frank Faylen, Ward Bond, Gloria Grahame, H.B. Warner, Frank Albertson, Todd Karns, Samuel S. Hinds, Mary Treen, Virginia Patton
Who are the principle actors of It's a Wonderful Life	James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers, Beulah Bondi, Frank Faylen, Ward Bond, Gloria Grahame, H.B. Warner, Frank Albertson, Todd Karns, Samuel S. Hinds, Mary Treen, Virginia Patton
Who are the actors of It's a Wonderful Life	James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers, Beulah Bondi, Frank Faylen, Ward Bond, Gloria Grahame, H.B. Warner, Frank Albertson, Todd Karns, Samuel S. Hinds, Mary Treen, Virginia Patton
Who are the main actors of It's a Wonderful Life	James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers, Beulah Bondi, Frank Faylen, Ward Bond, Gloria Grahame, H.B. Warner, Frank Albertson, Todd Karns, Samuel S. Hinds, Mary Treen, Virginia Patton
actors of It's a Wonderful Life?	James Stewart, Donna Reed, Lionel Barrymore, Thomas Mitchell, Henry Travers, Beulah Bondi, Frank Faylen, Ward Bond, Gloria Grahame, H.B. Warner, Frank Albertson, Todd Karns, Samuel S. Hinds, Mary Treen, Virginia Patton
description of It's a Wonderful Life	An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.
What is the description of It's a Wonderful Life	An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.
description of It's a Wonderful Life?	An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.
average of votes of It's a Wonderful Life	8.6
What is the average of votes of It's a Wonderful Life	8.6
average of votes of It's a Wonderful Life?	8.6
number of votes of It's a Wonderful Life	388310
What is the number of votes of It's a Wonderful Life	388310
number of votes of It's a Wonderful Life?	388310
budget of It's a Wonderful Life	$ 3180000
What is the budget of It's a Wonderful Life	$ 3180000
budget of It's a Wonderful Life?	$ 3180000
number of reviews from users of It's a Wonderful Life	948.0
What is the number of reviews from users of It's a Wonderful Life	948.0
number of reviews from users of It's a Wonderful Life?	948.0
number of reviews from critics of It's a Wonderful Life	177.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of It's a Wonderful Life	177.0
number of reviews from critics of It's a Wonderful Life?	177.0
title of 5th Borough	5th Borough
What is the title of 5th Borough	5th Borough
title of 5th Borough?	5th Borough
year of 5th Borough	2020
What is the year of 5th Borough	2020
year of 5th Borough?	2020
date of 5th Borough	2020-06-03
What is the date of 5th Borough	2020-06-03
date of 5th Borough?	2020-06-03
genre of 5th Borough	Crime
What is the genre of 5th Borough	Crime
genre of 5th Borough?	Crime
duration of 5th Borough	95
What is the duration of 5th Borough	95
duration of 5th Borough?	95
country of 5th Borough	USA
What is the country of 5th Borough	USA
country of 5th Borough?	USA
language of 5th Borough	English
What is the language of 5th Borough	English
language of 5th Borough?	English
director of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis
Who is the director of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis
director of 5th Borough?	Steve Stanulis
writer of 5th Borough	John Bianco, Steve Stanulis
Who is the writer of 5th Borough	John Bianco, Steve Stanulis
writer of 5th Borough?	John Bianco, Steve Stanulis
producer of 5th Borough	Stanulis Films
Who is the producer of 5th Borough	Stanulis Films
producer of 5th Borough?	Stanulis Films
actors of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis, Tara Reid, Lillo Brancato, Vincent Young, Joseph Russo, Chloe Lang, Al Sapienza, Erin O'Brien, James Russo, Anthony Mangano, Federico Castelluccio, Louis Vanaria, Constantine Maroulis, Marc John Jefferies, Audrey Landers
Who are the principle actors of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis, Tara Reid, Lillo Brancato, Vincent Young, Joseph Russo, Chloe Lang, Al Sapienza, Erin O'Brien, James Russo, Anthony Mangano, Federico Castelluccio, Louis Vanaria, Constantine Maroulis, Marc John Jefferies, Audrey Landers
Who are the actors of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis, Tara Reid, Lillo Brancato, Vincent Young, Joseph Russo, Chloe Lang, Al Sapienza, Erin O'Brien, James Russo, Anthony Mangano, Federico Castelluccio, Louis Vanaria, Constantine Maroulis, Marc John Jefferies, Audrey Landers
Who are the main actors of 5th Borough	Steve Stanulis, Tara Reid, Lillo Brancato, Vincent Young, Joseph Russo, Chloe Lang, Al Sapienza, Erin O'Brien, James Russo, Anthony Mangano, Federico Castelluccio, Louis Vanaria, Constantine Maroulis, Marc John Jefferies, Audrey Landers
actors of 5th Borough?	Steve Stanulis, Tara Reid, Lillo Brancato, Vincent Young, Joseph Russo, Chloe Lang, Al Sapienza, Erin O'Brien, James Russo, Anthony Mangano, Federico Castelluccio, Louis Vanaria, Constantine Maroulis, Marc John Jefferies, Audrey Landers
description of 5th Borough	Nikos daughter is diagnosed with a brain tumor. He needs money. Lots of it. On Staten Island, your options are limited. But you can always count on Family.
What is the description of 5th Borough	Nikos daughter is diagnosed with a brain tumor. He needs money. Lots of it. On Staten Island, your options are limited. But you can always count on Family.
description of 5th Borough?	Nikos daughter is diagnosed with a brain tumor. He needs money. Lots of it. On Staten Island, your options are limited. But you can always count on Family.
average of votes of 5th Borough	8.6
What is the average of votes of 5th Borough	8.6
average of votes of 5th Borough?	8.6
number of votes of 5th Borough	1178
What is the number of votes of 5th Borough	1178
number of votes of 5th Borough?	1178
budget of 5th Borough	nan
What is the budget of 5th Borough	nan
budget of 5th Borough?	nan
number of reviews from users of 5th Borough	23.0
What is the number of reviews from users of 5th Borough	23.0
number of reviews from users of 5th Borough?	23.0
number of reviews from critics of 5th Borough	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of 5th Borough	nan
number of reviews from critics of 5th Borough?	nan
title of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	PAY: Tire-d'Elles
What is the title of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	PAY: Tire-d'Elles
title of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	PAY: Tire-d'Elles
year of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	2017
What is the year of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	2017
year of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	2017
date of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	2017-01-20
What is the date of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	2017-01-20
date of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	2017-01-20
genre of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Action
What is the genre of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Action
genre of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	Action
duration of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	89
What is the duration of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	89
duration of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	89
country of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	France
What is the country of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	France
country of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	France
language of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	French
What is the language of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	French
language of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	French
director of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Julien K. d'Arsyn
Who is the director of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Julien K. d'Arsyn
director of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	Julien K. d'Arsyn
writer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Julien K. d'Arsyn
Who is the writer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Julien K. d'Arsyn
writer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	Julien K. d'Arsyn
producer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Red 3ye Productions
Who is the producer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Red 3ye Productions
producer of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	Red 3ye Productions
actors of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Joelle Hélary, Tristan Pecylak, Daria Neverova
Who are the principle actors of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Joelle Hélary, Tristan Pecylak, Daria Neverova
Who are the actors of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Joelle Hélary, Tristan Pecylak, Daria Neverova
Who are the main actors of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	Joelle Hélary, Tristan Pecylak, Daria Neverova
actors of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	Joelle Hélary, Tristan Pecylak, Daria Neverova
description of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
What is the description of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
description of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	nan
average of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	8.6
What is the average of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	8.6
average of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	8.6
number of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	945
What is the number of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	945
number of votes of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	945
budget of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
What is the budget of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
budget of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	nan
number of reviews from users of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	1.0
What is the number of reviews from users of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	1.0
number of reviews from users of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	1.0
number of reviews from critics of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of PAY: Tire-d'Elles	nan
number of reviews from critics of PAY: Tire-d'Elles?	nan
title of Ring of Silence	Ring of Silence
What is the title of Ring of Silence	Ring of Silence
title of Ring of Silence?	Ring of Silence
year of Ring of Silence	2019
What is the year of Ring of Silence	2019
year of Ring of Silence?	2019
date of Ring of Silence	2019-01-16
What is the date of Ring of Silence	2019-01-16
date of Ring of Silence?	2019-01-16
genre of Ring of Silence	Drama
What is the genre of Ring of Silence	Drama
genre of Ring of Silence?	Drama
duration of Ring of Silence	95
What is the duration of Ring of Silence	95
duration of Ring of Silence?	95
country of Ring of Silence	USA
What is the country of Ring of Silence	USA
country of Ring of Silence?	USA
language of Ring of Silence	English
What is the language of Ring of Silence	English
language of Ring of Silence?	English
director of Ring of Silence	Nicole Bowers Wallace
Who is the director of Ring of Silence	Nicole Bowers Wallace
director of Ring of Silence?	Nicole Bowers Wallace
writer of Ring of Silence	Nicole Bowers Wallace, Shannon Callsen
Who is the writer of Ring of Silence	Nicole Bowers Wallace, Shannon Callsen
writer of Ring of Silence?	Nicole Bowers Wallace, Shannon Callsen
producer of Ring of Silence	NBW Films
Who is the producer of Ring of Silence	NBW Films
producer of Ring of Silence?	NBW Films
actors of Ring of Silence	Ava Deluca-Verley, Brian J. O'Donnell, Brandon Butler, Jordan McKinley-Hodges, Bella Shepard, Calhoun Koenig, Kayden Bryce, Javoun Baker, Yassie Hawkes, Lauren Carlini, Jesse Katch, Tyler Harding, Brian Heintz, Alan Longstreet, Nikki Fioretti
Who are the principle actors of Ring of Silence	Ava Deluca-Verley, Brian J. O'Donnell, Brandon Butler, Jordan McKinley-Hodges, Bella Shepard, Calhoun Koenig, Kayden Bryce, Javoun Baker, Yassie Hawkes, Lauren Carlini, Jesse Katch, Tyler Harding, Brian Heintz, Alan Longstreet, Nikki Fioretti
Who are the actors of Ring of Silence	Ava Deluca-Verley, Brian J. O'Donnell, Brandon Butler, Jordan McKinley-Hodges, Bella Shepard, Calhoun Koenig, Kayden Bryce, Javoun Baker, Yassie Hawkes, Lauren Carlini, Jesse Katch, Tyler Harding, Brian Heintz, Alan Longstreet, Nikki Fioretti
Who are the main actors of Ring of Silence	Ava Deluca-Verley, Brian J. O'Donnell, Brandon Butler, Jordan McKinley-Hodges, Bella Shepard, Calhoun Koenig, Kayden Bryce, Javoun Baker, Yassie Hawkes, Lauren Carlini, Jesse Katch, Tyler Harding, Brian Heintz, Alan Longstreet, Nikki Fioretti
actors of Ring of Silence?	Ava Deluca-Verley, Brian J. O'Donnell, Brandon Butler, Jordan McKinley-Hodges, Bella Shepard, Calhoun Koenig, Kayden Bryce, Javoun Baker, Yassie Hawkes, Lauren Carlini, Jesse Katch, Tyler Harding, Brian Heintz, Alan Longstreet, Nikki Fioretti
description of Ring of Silence	When a young girl falls in love with a sweet and charming stranger, she soon finds out that her fairy tale doesn't lead to wonderland, but to a far more seedy underbelly of society.
What is the description of Ring of Silence	When a young girl falls in love with a sweet and charming stranger, she soon finds out that her fairy tale doesn't lead to wonderland, but to a far more seedy underbelly of society.
description of Ring of Silence?	When a young girl falls in love with a sweet and charming stranger, she soon finds out that her fairy tale doesn't lead to wonderland, but to a far more seedy underbelly of society.
average of votes of Ring of Silence	8.6
What is the average of votes of Ring of Silence	8.6
average of votes of Ring of Silence?	8.6
number of votes of Ring of Silence	496
What is the number of votes of Ring of Silence	496
number of votes of Ring of Silence?	496
budget of Ring of Silence	nan
What is the budget of Ring of Silence	nan
budget of Ring of Silence?	nan
number of reviews from users of Ring of Silence	3.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Ring of Silence	3.0
number of reviews from users of Ring of Silence?	3.0
number of reviews from critics of Ring of Silence	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Ring of Silence	nan
number of reviews from critics of Ring of Silence?	nan
title of Doraleous and Associates	Doraleous and Associates
What is the title of Doraleous and Associates	Doraleous and Associates
title of Doraleous and Associates?	Doraleous and Associates
year of Doraleous and Associates	2010
What is the year of Doraleous and Associates	2010
year of Doraleous and Associates?	2010
date of Doraleous and Associates	2010-10-09
What is the date of Doraleous and Associates	2010-10-09
date of Doraleous and Associates?	2010-10-09
genre of Doraleous and Associates	Animation
What is the genre of Doraleous and Associates	Animation
genre of Doraleous and Associates?	Animation
duration of Doraleous and Associates	100
What is the duration of Doraleous and Associates	100
duration of Doraleous and Associates?	100
country of Doraleous and Associates	USA
What is the country of Doraleous and Associates	USA
country of Doraleous and Associates?	USA
language of Doraleous and Associates	English
What is the language of Doraleous and Associates	English
language of Doraleous and Associates?	English
director of Doraleous and Associates	Brent Triplett
Who is the director of Doraleous and Associates	Brent Triplett
director of Doraleous and Associates?	Brent Triplett
writer of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney
Who is the writer of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney
writer of Doraleous and Associates?	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney
producer of Doraleous and Associates	Hank and Jed Movie Pictures
Who is the producer of Doraleous and Associates	Hank and Jed Movie Pictures
producer of Doraleous and Associates?	Hank and Jed Movie Pictures
actors of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney, Nate Panning, Tony Schnur, Brent Triplett
Who are the principle actors of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney, Nate Panning, Tony Schnur, Brent Triplett
Who are the actors of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney, Nate Panning, Tony Schnur, Brent Triplett
Who are the main actors of Doraleous and Associates	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney, Nate Panning, Tony Schnur, Brent Triplett
actors of Doraleous and Associates?	Jon Etheridge, Bryan Mahoney, Nate Panning, Tony Schnur, Brent Triplett
description of Doraleous and Associates	In the magical territory of Nudonia (a land of many kingdoms) resides a small band of warriors called Doraleous and Associates who challenge the forces of evil. Outnumbered and out-weaponed...
What is the description of Doraleous and Associates	In the magical territory of Nudonia (a land of many kingdoms) resides a small band of warriors called Doraleous and Associates who challenge the forces of evil. Outnumbered and out-weaponed...
description of Doraleous and Associates?	In the magical territory of Nudonia (a land of many kingdoms) resides a small band of warriors called Doraleous and Associates who challenge the forces of evil. Outnumbered and out-weaponed...
average of votes of Doraleous and Associates	8.6
What is the average of votes of Doraleous and Associates	8.6
average of votes of Doraleous and Associates?	8.6
number of votes of Doraleous and Associates	404
What is the number of votes of Doraleous and Associates	404
number of votes of Doraleous and Associates?	404
budget of Doraleous and Associates	nan
What is the budget of Doraleous and Associates	nan
budget of Doraleous and Associates?	nan
number of reviews from users of Doraleous and Associates	5.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Doraleous and Associates	5.0
number of reviews from users of Doraleous and Associates?	5.0
number of reviews from critics of Doraleous and Associates	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Doraleous and Associates	nan
number of reviews from critics of Doraleous and Associates?	nan
title of George Takei's Allegiance	George Takei's Allegiance
What is the title of George Takei's Allegiance	George Takei's Allegiance
title of George Takei's Allegiance?	George Takei's Allegiance
year of George Takei's Allegiance	2016
What is the year of George Takei's Allegiance	2016
year of George Takei's Allegiance?	2016
date of George Takei's Allegiance	2016-12-13
What is the date of George Takei's Allegiance	2016-12-13
date of George Takei's Allegiance?	2016-12-13
genre of George Takei's Allegiance	Musical
What is the genre of George Takei's Allegiance	Musical
genre of George Takei's Allegiance?	Musical
duration of George Takei's Allegiance	130
What is the duration of George Takei's Allegiance	130
duration of George Takei's Allegiance?	130
country of George Takei's Allegiance	USA
What is the country of George Takei's Allegiance	USA
country of George Takei's Allegiance?	USA
language of George Takei's Allegiance	English
What is the language of George Takei's Allegiance	English
language of George Takei's Allegiance?	English
director of George Takei's Allegiance	Lorenzo Thione
Who is the director of George Takei's Allegiance	Lorenzo Thione
director of George Takei's Allegiance?	Lorenzo Thione
writer of George Takei's Allegiance	Marc Acito, Jay Kuo
Who is the writer of George Takei's Allegiance	Marc Acito, Jay Kuo
writer of George Takei's Allegiance?	Marc Acito, Jay Kuo
producer of George Takei's Allegiance	Sing Out Louise Productions
Who is the producer of George Takei's Allegiance	Sing Out Louise Productions
producer of George Takei's Allegiance?	Sing Out Louise Productions
actors of George Takei's Allegiance	Aaron Albano, Belinda Allyn, Marcus Choi, Katie Rose Clarke, Janelle Dote, Dan Horn, Owen Johnson II, Darren Lee, Michael K. Lee, Telly Leung, Kevin Munhall, Manna Nichols, Christopheren Nòmura, Rumi Oyama, Shea Renne
Who are the principle actors of George Takei's Allegiance	Aaron Albano, Belinda Allyn, Marcus Choi, Katie Rose Clarke, Janelle Dote, Dan Horn, Owen Johnson II, Darren Lee, Michael K. Lee, Telly Leung, Kevin Munhall, Manna Nichols, Christopheren Nòmura, Rumi Oyama, Shea Renne
Who are the actors of George Takei's Allegiance	Aaron Albano, Belinda Allyn, Marcus Choi, Katie Rose Clarke, Janelle Dote, Dan Horn, Owen Johnson II, Darren Lee, Michael K. Lee, Telly Leung, Kevin Munhall, Manna Nichols, Christopheren Nòmura, Rumi Oyama, Shea Renne
Who are the main actors of George Takei's Allegiance	Aaron Albano, Belinda Allyn, Marcus Choi, Katie Rose Clarke, Janelle Dote, Dan Horn, Owen Johnson II, Darren Lee, Michael K. Lee, Telly Leung, Kevin Munhall, Manna Nichols, Christopheren Nòmura, Rumi Oyama, Shea Renne
actors of George Takei's Allegiance?	Aaron Albano, Belinda Allyn, Marcus Choi, Katie Rose Clarke, Janelle Dote, Dan Horn, Owen Johnson II, Darren Lee, Michael K. Lee, Telly Leung, Kevin Munhall, Manna Nichols, Christopheren Nòmura, Rumi Oyama, Shea Renne
description of George Takei's Allegiance	Allegiance illuminates one of American history's lesser known chapters as it tells the story of Sam Kimura, transported back nearly six decades to when his younger self and his sister Kei ...
What is the description of George Takei's Allegiance	Allegiance illuminates one of American history's lesser known chapters as it tells the story of Sam Kimura, transported back nearly six decades to when his younger self and his sister Kei ...
description of George Takei's Allegiance?	Allegiance illuminates one of American history's lesser known chapters as it tells the story of Sam Kimura, transported back nearly six decades to when his younger self and his sister Kei ...
average of votes of George Takei's Allegiance	8.6
What is the average of votes of George Takei's Allegiance	8.6
average of votes of George Takei's Allegiance?	8.6
number of votes of George Takei's Allegiance	189
What is the number of votes of George Takei's Allegiance	189
number of votes of George Takei's Allegiance?	189
budget of George Takei's Allegiance	$ 1000000
What is the budget of George Takei's Allegiance	$ 1000000
budget of George Takei's Allegiance?	$ 1000000
number of reviews from users of George Takei's Allegiance	6.0
What is the number of reviews from users of George Takei's Allegiance	6.0
number of reviews from users of George Takei's Allegiance?	6.0
number of reviews from critics of George Takei's Allegiance	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of George Takei's Allegiance	nan
number of reviews from critics of George Takei's Allegiance?	nan
title of The Departed	The Departed
What is the title of The Departed	The Departed
title of The Departed?	The Departed
year of The Departed	2006
What is the year of The Departed	2006
year of The Departed?	2006
date of The Departed	2006-10-27
What is the date of The Departed	2006-10-27
date of The Departed?	2006-10-27
genre of The Departed	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of The Departed	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of The Departed?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of The Departed	151
What is the duration of The Departed	151
duration of The Departed?	151
country of The Departed	USA
What is the country of The Departed	USA
country of The Departed?	USA
language of The Departed	English, Cantonese
What is the language of The Departed	English, Cantonese
language of The Departed?	English, Cantonese
director of The Departed	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of The Departed	Martin Scorsese
director of The Departed?	Martin Scorsese
writer of The Departed	William Monahan, Alan Mak
Who is the writer of The Departed	William Monahan, Alan Mak
writer of The Departed?	William Monahan, Alan Mak
producer of The Departed	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of The Departed	Warner Bros.
producer of The Departed?	Warner Bros.
actors of The Departed	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan, James Badge Dale, David O'Hara, Mark Rolston, Robert Wahlberg, Kristen Dalton
Who are the principle actors of The Departed	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan, James Badge Dale, David O'Hara, Mark Rolston, Robert Wahlberg, Kristen Dalton
Who are the actors of The Departed	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan, James Badge Dale, David O'Hara, Mark Rolston, Robert Wahlberg, Kristen Dalton
Who are the main actors of The Departed	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan, James Badge Dale, David O'Hara, Mark Rolston, Robert Wahlberg, Kristen Dalton
actors of The Departed?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson, Alec Baldwin, Kevin Corrigan, James Badge Dale, David O'Hara, Mark Rolston, Robert Wahlberg, Kristen Dalton
description of The Departed	An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.
What is the description of The Departed	An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.
description of The Departed?	An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.
average of votes of The Departed	8.5
What is the average of votes of The Departed	8.5
average of votes of The Departed?	8.5
number of votes of The Departed	1159703
What is the number of votes of The Departed	1159703
number of votes of The Departed?	1159703
budget of The Departed	$ 90000000
What is the budget of The Departed	$ 90000000
budget of The Departed?	$ 90000000
number of reviews from users of The Departed	2340.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Departed	2340.0
number of reviews from users of The Departed?	2340.0
number of reviews from critics of The Departed	289.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Departed	289.0
number of reviews from critics of The Departed?	289.0
title of Back to the Future	Back to the Future
What is the title of Back to the Future	Back to the Future
title of Back to the Future?	Back to the Future
year of Back to the Future	1985
What is the year of Back to the Future	1985
year of Back to the Future?	1985
date of Back to the Future	1985-10-18
What is the date of Back to the Future	1985-10-18
date of Back to the Future?	1985-10-18
genre of Back to the Future	Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of Back to the Future	Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
genre of Back to the Future?	Adventure, Comedy, Sci-Fi
duration of Back to the Future	116
What is the duration of Back to the Future	116
duration of Back to the Future?	116
country of Back to the Future	USA
What is the country of Back to the Future	USA
country of Back to the Future?	USA
language of Back to the Future	English
What is the language of Back to the Future	English
language of Back to the Future?	English
director of Back to the Future	Robert Zemeckis
Who is the director of Back to the Future	Robert Zemeckis
director of Back to the Future?	Robert Zemeckis
writer of Back to the Future	Robert Zemeckis, Bob Gale
Who is the writer of Back to the Future	Robert Zemeckis, Bob Gale
writer of Back to the Future?	Robert Zemeckis, Bob Gale
producer of Back to the Future	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of Back to the Future	Universal Pictures
producer of Back to the Future?	Universal Pictures
actors of Back to the Future	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, Claudia Wells, Marc McClure, Wendie Jo Sperber, George DiCenzo, Frances Lee McCain, James Tolkan, J.J. Cohen, Casey Siemaszko, Billy Zane, Harry Waters Jr.
Who are the principle actors of Back to the Future	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, Claudia Wells, Marc McClure, Wendie Jo Sperber, George DiCenzo, Frances Lee McCain, James Tolkan, J.J. Cohen, Casey Siemaszko, Billy Zane, Harry Waters Jr.
Who are the actors of Back to the Future	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, Claudia Wells, Marc McClure, Wendie Jo Sperber, George DiCenzo, Frances Lee McCain, James Tolkan, J.J. Cohen, Casey Siemaszko, Billy Zane, Harry Waters Jr.
Who are the main actors of Back to the Future	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, Claudia Wells, Marc McClure, Wendie Jo Sperber, George DiCenzo, Frances Lee McCain, James Tolkan, J.J. Cohen, Casey Siemaszko, Billy Zane, Harry Waters Jr.
actors of Back to the Future?	Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson, Crispin Glover, Thomas F. Wilson, Claudia Wells, Marc McClure, Wendie Jo Sperber, George DiCenzo, Frances Lee McCain, James Tolkan, J.J. Cohen, Casey Siemaszko, Billy Zane, Harry Waters Jr.
description of Back to the Future	Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown.
What is the description of Back to the Future	Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown.
description of Back to the Future?	Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown.
average of votes of Back to the Future	8.5
What is the average of votes of Back to the Future	8.5
average of votes of Back to the Future?	8.5
number of votes of Back to the Future	1027330
What is the number of votes of Back to the Future	1027330
number of votes of Back to the Future?	1027330
budget of Back to the Future	$ 19000000
What is the budget of Back to the Future	$ 19000000
budget of Back to the Future?	$ 19000000
number of reviews from users of Back to the Future	1202.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Back to the Future	1202.0
number of reviews from users of Back to the Future?	1202.0
number of reviews from critics of Back to the Future	246.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Back to the Future	246.0
number of reviews from critics of Back to the Future?	246.0
title of American History X	American History X
What is the title of American History X	American History X
title of American History X?	American History X
year of American History X	1998
What is the year of American History X	1998
year of American History X?	1998
date of American History X	1999-08-27
What is the date of American History X	1999-08-27
date of American History X?	1999-08-27
genre of American History X	Drama
What is the genre of American History X	Drama
genre of American History X?	Drama
duration of American History X	119
What is the duration of American History X	119
duration of American History X?	119
country of American History X	USA
What is the country of American History X	USA
country of American History X?	USA
language of American History X	English
What is the language of American History X	English
language of American History X?	English
director of American History X	Tony Kaye
Who is the director of American History X	Tony Kaye
director of American History X?	Tony Kaye
writer of American History X	David McKenna
Who is the writer of American History X	David McKenna
writer of American History X?	David McKenna
producer of American History X	New Line Cinema
Who is the producer of American History X	New Line Cinema
producer of American History X?	New Line Cinema
actors of American History X	Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry, Joe Cortese, Jason Bose Smith, Antonio David Lyons, Alex Sol
Who are the principle actors of American History X	Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry, Joe Cortese, Jason Bose Smith, Antonio David Lyons, Alex Sol
Who are the actors of American History X	Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry, Joe Cortese, Jason Bose Smith, Antonio David Lyons, Alex Sol
Who are the main actors of American History X	Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry, Joe Cortese, Jason Bose Smith, Antonio David Lyons, Alex Sol
actors of American History X?	Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, Jennifer Lien, Ethan Suplee, Fairuza Balk, Avery Brooks, Elliott Gould, Stacy Keach, William Russ, Guy Torry, Joe Cortese, Jason Bose Smith, Antonio David Lyons, Alex Sol
description of American History X	A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.
What is the description of American History X	A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.
description of American History X?	A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.
average of votes of American History X	8.5
What is the average of votes of American History X	8.5
average of votes of American History X?	8.5
number of votes of American History X	1014218
What is the number of votes of American History X	1014218
number of votes of American History X?	1014218
budget of American History X	$ 20000000
What is the budget of American History X	$ 20000000
budget of American History X?	$ 20000000
number of reviews from users of American History X	1594.0
What is the number of reviews from users of American History X	1594.0
number of reviews from users of American History X?	1594.0
number of reviews from critics of American History X	174.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of American History X	174.0
number of reviews from critics of American History X?	174.0
title of The Lion King	The Lion King
What is the title of The Lion King	The Lion King
title of The Lion King?	The Lion King
year of The Lion King	1994
What is the year of The Lion King	1994
year of The Lion King?	1994
date of The Lion King	1994-11-25
What is the date of The Lion King	1994-11-25
date of The Lion King?	1994-11-25
genre of The Lion King	Animation, Adventure, Drama
What is the genre of The Lion King	Animation, Adventure, Drama
genre of The Lion King?	Animation, Adventure, Drama
duration of The Lion King	88
What is the duration of The Lion King	88
duration of The Lion King?	88
country of The Lion King	USA
What is the country of The Lion King	USA
country of The Lion King?	USA
language of The Lion King	English, Swahili, Xhosa, Zulu
What is the language of The Lion King	English, Swahili, Xhosa, Zulu
language of The Lion King?	English, Swahili, Xhosa, Zulu
director of The Lion King	Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff
Who is the director of The Lion King	Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff
director of The Lion King?	Roger Allers, Rob Minkoff
writer of The Lion King	Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts
Who is the writer of The Lion King	Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts
writer of The Lion King?	Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts
producer of The Lion King	Walt Disney Pictures
Who is the producer of The Lion King	Walt Disney Pictures
producer of The Lion King?	Walt Disney Pictures
actors of The Lion King	Rowan Atkinson, Matthew Broderick, Niketa Calame-Harris, Jim Cummings, Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Guillaume, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Zoe Leader, Cheech Marin, Ernie Sabella, Madge Sinclair, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
Who are the principle actors of The Lion King	Rowan Atkinson, Matthew Broderick, Niketa Calame-Harris, Jim Cummings, Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Guillaume, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Zoe Leader, Cheech Marin, Ernie Sabella, Madge Sinclair, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
Who are the actors of The Lion King	Rowan Atkinson, Matthew Broderick, Niketa Calame-Harris, Jim Cummings, Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Guillaume, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Zoe Leader, Cheech Marin, Ernie Sabella, Madge Sinclair, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
Who are the main actors of The Lion King	Rowan Atkinson, Matthew Broderick, Niketa Calame-Harris, Jim Cummings, Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Guillaume, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Zoe Leader, Cheech Marin, Ernie Sabella, Madge Sinclair, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
actors of The Lion King?	Rowan Atkinson, Matthew Broderick, Niketa Calame-Harris, Jim Cummings, Whoopi Goldberg, Robert Guillaume, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Moira Kelly, Nathan Lane, Zoe Leader, Cheech Marin, Ernie Sabella, Madge Sinclair, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
description of The Lion King	Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.
What is the description of The Lion King	Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.
description of The Lion King?	Lion prince Simba and his father are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself.
average of votes of The Lion King	8.5
What is the average of votes of The Lion King	8.5
average of votes of The Lion King?	8.5
number of votes of The Lion King	917248
What is the number of votes of The Lion King	917248
number of votes of The Lion King?	917248
budget of The Lion King	$ 45000000
What is the budget of The Lion King	$ 45000000
budget of The Lion King?	$ 45000000
number of reviews from users of The Lion King	1028.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Lion King	1028.0
number of reviews from users of The Lion King?	1028.0
number of reviews from critics of The Lion King	228.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Lion King	228.0
number of reviews from critics of The Lion King?	228.0
title of Intouchables	Intouchables
What is the title of Intouchables	Intouchables
title of Intouchables?	Intouchables
year of Intouchables	2011
What is the year of Intouchables	2011
year of Intouchables?	2011
date of Intouchables	2012-02-24
What is the date of Intouchables	2012-02-24
date of Intouchables?	2012-02-24
genre of Intouchables	Biography, Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of Intouchables	Biography, Comedy, Drama
genre of Intouchables?	Biography, Comedy, Drama
duration of Intouchables	112
What is the duration of Intouchables	112
duration of Intouchables?	112
country of Intouchables	France
What is the country of Intouchables	France
country of Intouchables?	France
language of Intouchables	French, English
What is the language of Intouchables	French, English
language of Intouchables?	French, English
director of Intouchables	Olivier Nakache, Éric Toledano
Who is the director of Intouchables	Olivier Nakache, Éric Toledano
director of Intouchables?	Olivier Nakache, Éric Toledano
writer of Intouchables	Olivier Nakache, Philippe Pozzo di Borgo
Who is the writer of Intouchables	Olivier Nakache, Philippe Pozzo di Borgo
writer of Intouchables?	Olivier Nakache, Philippe Pozzo di Borgo
producer of Intouchables	Quad Productions
Who is the producer of Intouchables	Quad Productions
producer of Intouchables?	Quad Productions
actors of Intouchables	François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Joséphine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Gaïa Bellugi, Cyril Mendy, Salimata Kamate, Absa Diatou Toure, Grégoire Oestermann, Dominique Daguier, François Caron, Christian Ameri, Thomas Solivérès
Who are the principle actors of Intouchables	François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Joséphine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Gaïa Bellugi, Cyril Mendy, Salimata Kamate, Absa Diatou Toure, Grégoire Oestermann, Dominique Daguier, François Caron, Christian Ameri, Thomas Solivérès
Who are the actors of Intouchables	François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Joséphine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Gaïa Bellugi, Cyril Mendy, Salimata Kamate, Absa Diatou Toure, Grégoire Oestermann, Dominique Daguier, François Caron, Christian Ameri, Thomas Solivérès
Who are the main actors of Intouchables	François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Joséphine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Gaïa Bellugi, Cyril Mendy, Salimata Kamate, Absa Diatou Toure, Grégoire Oestermann, Dominique Daguier, François Caron, Christian Ameri, Thomas Solivérès
actors of Intouchables?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy, Anne Le Ny, Audrey Fleurot, Joséphine de Meaux, Clotilde Mollet, Alba Gaïa Bellugi, Cyril Mendy, Salimata Kamate, Absa Diatou Toure, Grégoire Oestermann, Dominique Daguier, François Caron, Christian Ameri, Thomas Solivérès
description of Intouchables	After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.
What is the description of Intouchables	After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.
description of Intouchables?	After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.
average of votes of Intouchables	8.5
What is the average of votes of Intouchables	8.5
average of votes of Intouchables?	8.5
number of votes of Intouchables	736691
What is the number of votes of Intouchables	736691
number of votes of Intouchables?	736691
budget of Intouchables	EUR 9500000
What is the budget of Intouchables	EUR 9500000
budget of Intouchables?	EUR 9500000
number of reviews from users of Intouchables	635.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Intouchables	635.0
number of reviews from users of Intouchables?	635.0
number of reviews from critics of Intouchables	324.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Intouchables	324.0
number of reviews from critics of Intouchables?	324.0
title of Whiplash	Whiplash
What is the title of Whiplash	Whiplash
title of Whiplash?	Whiplash
year of Whiplash	2014
What is the year of Whiplash	2014
year of Whiplash?	2014
date of Whiplash	2015-02-12
What is the date of Whiplash	2015-02-12
date of Whiplash?	2015-02-12
genre of Whiplash	Drama, Music
What is the genre of Whiplash	Drama, Music
genre of Whiplash?	Drama, Music
duration of Whiplash	106
What is the duration of Whiplash	106
duration of Whiplash?	106
country of Whiplash	USA
What is the country of Whiplash	USA
country of Whiplash?	USA
language of Whiplash	English
What is the language of Whiplash	English
language of Whiplash?	English
director of Whiplash	Damien Chazelle
Who is the director of Whiplash	Damien Chazelle
director of Whiplash?	Damien Chazelle
writer of Whiplash	Damien Chazelle
Who is the writer of Whiplash	Damien Chazelle
writer of Whiplash?	Damien Chazelle
producer of Whiplash	Bold Films
Who is the producer of Whiplash	Bold Films
producer of Whiplash?	Bold Films
actors of Whiplash	Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell, Nate Lang, Chris Mulkey, Damon Gupton, Suanne Spoke, Max Kasch, Charlie Ian, Jayson Blair, Kofi Siriboe, Kavita Patil, C.J. Vana
Who are the principle actors of Whiplash	Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell, Nate Lang, Chris Mulkey, Damon Gupton, Suanne Spoke, Max Kasch, Charlie Ian, Jayson Blair, Kofi Siriboe, Kavita Patil, C.J. Vana
Who are the actors of Whiplash	Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell, Nate Lang, Chris Mulkey, Damon Gupton, Suanne Spoke, Max Kasch, Charlie Ian, Jayson Blair, Kofi Siriboe, Kavita Patil, C.J. Vana
Who are the main actors of Whiplash	Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell, Nate Lang, Chris Mulkey, Damon Gupton, Suanne Spoke, Max Kasch, Charlie Ian, Jayson Blair, Kofi Siriboe, Kavita Patil, C.J. Vana
actors of Whiplash?	Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, Paul Reiser, Melissa Benoist, Austin Stowell, Nate Lang, Chris Mulkey, Damon Gupton, Suanne Spoke, Max Kasch, Charlie Ian, Jayson Blair, Kofi Siriboe, Kavita Patil, C.J. Vana
description of Whiplash	A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.
What is the description of Whiplash	A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.
description of Whiplash?	A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.
average of votes of Whiplash	8.5
What is the average of votes of Whiplash	8.5
average of votes of Whiplash?	8.5
number of votes of Whiplash	690732
What is the number of votes of Whiplash	690732
number of votes of Whiplash?	690732
budget of Whiplash	$ 3300000
What is the budget of Whiplash	$ 3300000
budget of Whiplash?	$ 3300000
number of reviews from users of Whiplash	1213.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Whiplash	1213.0
number of reviews from users of Whiplash?	1213.0
number of reviews from critics of Whiplash	583.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Whiplash	583.0
number of reviews from critics of Whiplash?	583.0
title of Psycho	Psycho
What is the title of Psycho	Psycho
title of Psycho?	Psycho
year of Psycho	1960
What is the year of Psycho	1960
year of Psycho?	1960
date of Psycho	1960-10-28
What is the date of Psycho	1960-10-28
date of Psycho?	1960-10-28
genre of Psycho	Horror, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Psycho	Horror, Mystery, Thriller
genre of Psycho?	Horror, Mystery, Thriller
duration of Psycho	109
What is the duration of Psycho	109
duration of Psycho?	109
country of Psycho	USA
What is the country of Psycho	USA
country of Psycho?	USA
language of Psycho	English
What is the language of Psycho	English
language of Psycho?	English
director of Psycho	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of Psycho	Alfred Hitchcock
director of Psycho?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of Psycho	Joseph Stefano, Robert Bloch
Who is the writer of Psycho	Joseph Stefano, Robert Bloch
writer of Psycho?	Joseph Stefano, Robert Bloch
producer of Psycho	Shamley Productions
Who is the producer of Psycho	Shamley Productions
producer of Psycho?	Shamley Productions
actors of Psycho	Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Janet Leigh, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland, Frank Albertson, Patricia Hitchcock, Vaughn Taylor, Lurene Tuttle, John Anderson, Mort Mills
Who are the principle actors of Psycho	Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Janet Leigh, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland, Frank Albertson, Patricia Hitchcock, Vaughn Taylor, Lurene Tuttle, John Anderson, Mort Mills
Who are the actors of Psycho	Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Janet Leigh, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland, Frank Albertson, Patricia Hitchcock, Vaughn Taylor, Lurene Tuttle, John Anderson, Mort Mills
Who are the main actors of Psycho	Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Janet Leigh, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland, Frank Albertson, Patricia Hitchcock, Vaughn Taylor, Lurene Tuttle, John Anderson, Mort Mills
actors of Psycho?	Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Janet Leigh, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland, Frank Albertson, Patricia Hitchcock, Vaughn Taylor, Lurene Tuttle, John Anderson, Mort Mills
description of Psycho	A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
What is the description of Psycho	A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
description of Psycho?	A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
average of votes of Psycho	8.5
What is the average of votes of Psycho	8.5
average of votes of Psycho?	8.5
number of votes of Psycho	586765
What is the number of votes of Psycho	586765
number of votes of Psycho?	586765
budget of Psycho	$ 806947
What is the budget of Psycho	$ 806947
budget of Psycho?	$ 806947
number of reviews from users of Psycho	1284.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Psycho	1284.0
number of reviews from users of Psycho?	1284.0
number of reviews from critics of Psycho	236.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Psycho	236.0
number of reviews from critics of Psycho?	236.0
title of Casablanca	Casablanca
What is the title of Casablanca	Casablanca
title of Casablanca?	Casablanca
year of Casablanca	1942
What is the year of Casablanca	1942
year of Casablanca?	1942
date of Casablanca	1946-11-21
What is the date of Casablanca	1946-11-21
date of Casablanca?	1946-11-21
genre of Casablanca	Drama, Romance, War
What is the genre of Casablanca	Drama, Romance, War
genre of Casablanca?	Drama, Romance, War
duration of Casablanca	102
What is the duration of Casablanca	102
duration of Casablanca?	102
country of Casablanca	USA
What is the country of Casablanca	USA
country of Casablanca?	USA
language of Casablanca	English, French, German, Italian
What is the language of Casablanca	English, French, German, Italian
language of Casablanca?	English, French, German, Italian
director of Casablanca	Michael Curtiz
Who is the director of Casablanca	Michael Curtiz
director of Casablanca?	Michael Curtiz
writer of Casablanca	Julius J. Epstein, Philip G. Epstein
Who is the writer of Casablanca	Julius J. Epstein, Philip G. Epstein
writer of Casablanca?	Julius J. Epstein, Philip G. Epstein
producer of Casablanca	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Casablanca	Warner Bros.
producer of Casablanca?	Warner Bros.
actors of Casablanca	Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, S.Z. Sakall, Madeleine Lebeau, Dooley Wilson, Joy Page, John Qualen, Leonid Kinskey, Curt Bois
Who are the principle actors of Casablanca	Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, S.Z. Sakall, Madeleine Lebeau, Dooley Wilson, Joy Page, John Qualen, Leonid Kinskey, Curt Bois
Who are the actors of Casablanca	Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, S.Z. Sakall, Madeleine Lebeau, Dooley Wilson, Joy Page, John Qualen, Leonid Kinskey, Curt Bois
Who are the main actors of Casablanca	Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, S.Z. Sakall, Madeleine Lebeau, Dooley Wilson, Joy Page, John Qualen, Leonid Kinskey, Curt Bois
actors of Casablanca?	Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, S.Z. Sakall, Madeleine Lebeau, Dooley Wilson, Joy Page, John Qualen, Leonid Kinskey, Curt Bois
description of Casablanca	A cynical American expatriate struggles to decide whether or not he should help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape French Morocco.
What is the description of Casablanca	A cynical American expatriate struggles to decide whether or not he should help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape French Morocco.
description of Casablanca?	A cynical American expatriate struggles to decide whether or not he should help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape French Morocco.
average of votes of Casablanca	8.5
What is the average of votes of Casablanca	8.5
average of votes of Casablanca?	8.5
number of votes of Casablanca	509953
What is the number of votes of Casablanca	509953
number of votes of Casablanca?	509953
budget of Casablanca	$ 950000
What is the budget of Casablanca	$ 950000
budget of Casablanca?	$ 950000
number of reviews from users of Casablanca	1303.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Casablanca	1303.0
number of reviews from users of Casablanca?	1303.0
number of reviews from critics of Casablanca	196.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Casablanca	196.0
number of reviews from critics of Casablanca?	196.0
title of Modern Times	Modern Times
What is the title of Modern Times	Modern Times
title of Modern Times?	Modern Times
year of Modern Times	1936
What is the year of Modern Times	1936
year of Modern Times?	1936
date of Modern Times	1937-03-12
What is the date of Modern Times	1937-03-12
date of Modern Times?	1937-03-12
genre of Modern Times	Comedy, Drama, Family
What is the genre of Modern Times	Comedy, Drama, Family
genre of Modern Times?	Comedy, Drama, Family
duration of Modern Times	87
What is the duration of Modern Times	87
duration of Modern Times?	87
country of Modern Times	USA
What is the country of Modern Times	USA
country of Modern Times?	USA
language of Modern Times	English
What is the language of Modern Times	English
language of Modern Times?	English
director of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin
director of Modern Times?	Charles Chaplin
writer of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin
writer of Modern Times?	Charles Chaplin
producer of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of Modern Times?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, Chester Conklin, Hank Mann, Stanley Blystone, Al Ernest Garcia, Richard Alexander, Cecil Reynolds, Mira McKinney, Murdock MacQuarrie, Wilfred Lucas, Edward LeSaint, Fred Malatesta
Who are the principle actors of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, Chester Conklin, Hank Mann, Stanley Blystone, Al Ernest Garcia, Richard Alexander, Cecil Reynolds, Mira McKinney, Murdock MacQuarrie, Wilfred Lucas, Edward LeSaint, Fred Malatesta
Who are the actors of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, Chester Conklin, Hank Mann, Stanley Blystone, Al Ernest Garcia, Richard Alexander, Cecil Reynolds, Mira McKinney, Murdock MacQuarrie, Wilfred Lucas, Edward LeSaint, Fred Malatesta
Who are the main actors of Modern Times	Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, Chester Conklin, Hank Mann, Stanley Blystone, Al Ernest Garcia, Richard Alexander, Cecil Reynolds, Mira McKinney, Murdock MacQuarrie, Wilfred Lucas, Edward LeSaint, Fred Malatesta
actors of Modern Times?	Charles Chaplin, Paulette Goddard, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, Chester Conklin, Hank Mann, Stanley Blystone, Al Ernest Garcia, Richard Alexander, Cecil Reynolds, Mira McKinney, Murdock MacQuarrie, Wilfred Lucas, Edward LeSaint, Fred Malatesta
description of Modern Times	The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.
What is the description of Modern Times	The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.
description of Modern Times?	The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.
average of votes of Modern Times	8.5
What is the average of votes of Modern Times	8.5
average of votes of Modern Times?	8.5
number of votes of Modern Times	211250
What is the number of votes of Modern Times	211250
number of votes of Modern Times?	211250
budget of Modern Times	$ 1500000
What is the budget of Modern Times	$ 1500000
budget of Modern Times?	$ 1500000
number of reviews from users of Modern Times	307.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Modern Times	307.0
number of reviews from users of Modern Times?	307.0
number of reviews from critics of Modern Times	115.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Modern Times	115.0
number of reviews from critics of Modern Times?	115.0
title of City Lights	City Lights
What is the title of City Lights	City Lights
title of City Lights?	City Lights
year of City Lights	1931
What is the year of City Lights	1931
year of City Lights?	1931
date of City Lights	1931-04-02
What is the date of City Lights	1931-04-02
date of City Lights?	1931-04-02
genre of City Lights	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of City Lights	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of City Lights?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of City Lights	87
What is the duration of City Lights	87
duration of City Lights?	87
country of City Lights	USA
What is the country of City Lights	USA
country of City Lights?	USA
language of City Lights	English
What is the language of City Lights	English
language of City Lights?	English
director of City Lights	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of City Lights	Charles Chaplin
director of City Lights?	Charles Chaplin
writer of City Lights	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of City Lights	Charles Chaplin
writer of City Lights?	Charles Chaplin
producer of City Lights	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of City Lights	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of City Lights?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of City Lights	Virginia Cherrill, Florence Lee, Harry Myers, Al Ernest Garcia, Hank Mann, Charles Chaplin
Who are the principle actors of City Lights	Virginia Cherrill, Florence Lee, Harry Myers, Al Ernest Garcia, Hank Mann, Charles Chaplin
Who are the actors of City Lights	Virginia Cherrill, Florence Lee, Harry Myers, Al Ernest Garcia, Hank Mann, Charles Chaplin
Who are the main actors of City Lights	Virginia Cherrill, Florence Lee, Harry Myers, Al Ernest Garcia, Hank Mann, Charles Chaplin
actors of City Lights?	Virginia Cherrill, Florence Lee, Harry Myers, Al Ernest Garcia, Hank Mann, Charles Chaplin
description of City Lights	With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.
What is the description of City Lights	With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.
description of City Lights?	With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.
average of votes of City Lights	8.5
What is the average of votes of City Lights	8.5
average of votes of City Lights?	8.5
number of votes of City Lights	162668
What is the number of votes of City Lights	162668
number of votes of City Lights?	162668
budget of City Lights	$ 1500000
What is the budget of City Lights	$ 1500000
budget of City Lights?	$ 1500000
number of reviews from users of City Lights	295.0
What is the number of reviews from users of City Lights	295.0
number of reviews from users of City Lights?	295.0
number of reviews from critics of City Lights	122.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of City Lights	122.0
number of reviews from critics of City Lights?	122.0
title of La meglio gioventù	La meglio gioventù
What is the title of La meglio gioventù	La meglio gioventù
title of La meglio gioventù?	La meglio gioventù
year of La meglio gioventù	2003
What is the year of La meglio gioventù	2003
year of La meglio gioventù?	2003
date of La meglio gioventù	2003-06-20
What is the date of La meglio gioventù	2003-06-20
date of La meglio gioventù?	2003-06-20
genre of La meglio gioventù	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of La meglio gioventù	Drama, Romance
genre of La meglio gioventù?	Drama, Romance
duration of La meglio gioventù	366
What is the duration of La meglio gioventù	366
duration of La meglio gioventù?	366
country of La meglio gioventù	Italy
What is the country of La meglio gioventù	Italy
country of La meglio gioventù?	Italy
language of La meglio gioventù	Italian, English, Norwegian
What is the language of La meglio gioventù	Italian, English, Norwegian
language of La meglio gioventù?	Italian, English, Norwegian
director of La meglio gioventù	Marco Tullio Giordana
Who is the director of La meglio gioventù	Marco Tullio Giordana
director of La meglio gioventù?	Marco Tullio Giordana
writer of La meglio gioventù	Sandro Petraglia, Stefano Rulli
Who is the writer of La meglio gioventù	Sandro Petraglia, Stefano Rulli
writer of La meglio gioventù?	Sandro Petraglia, Stefano Rulli
producer of La meglio gioventù	BiBi Film
Who is the producer of La meglio gioventù	BiBi Film
producer of La meglio gioventù?	BiBi Film
actors of La meglio gioventù	Luigi Lo Cascio, Alessio Boni, Adriana Asti, Sonia Bergamasco, Fabrizio Gifuni, Maya Sansa, Valentina Carnelutti, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Tidona, Lidia Vitale, Claudio Gioè, Paolo Bonanni, Giovanni Scifoni, Riccardo Scamarcio, Camilla Filippi
Who are the principle actors of La meglio gioventù	Luigi Lo Cascio, Alessio Boni, Adriana Asti, Sonia Bergamasco, Fabrizio Gifuni, Maya Sansa, Valentina Carnelutti, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Tidona, Lidia Vitale, Claudio Gioè, Paolo Bonanni, Giovanni Scifoni, Riccardo Scamarcio, Camilla Filippi
Who are the actors of La meglio gioventù	Luigi Lo Cascio, Alessio Boni, Adriana Asti, Sonia Bergamasco, Fabrizio Gifuni, Maya Sansa, Valentina Carnelutti, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Tidona, Lidia Vitale, Claudio Gioè, Paolo Bonanni, Giovanni Scifoni, Riccardo Scamarcio, Camilla Filippi
Who are the main actors of La meglio gioventù	Luigi Lo Cascio, Alessio Boni, Adriana Asti, Sonia Bergamasco, Fabrizio Gifuni, Maya Sansa, Valentina Carnelutti, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Tidona, Lidia Vitale, Claudio Gioè, Paolo Bonanni, Giovanni Scifoni, Riccardo Scamarcio, Camilla Filippi
actors of La meglio gioventù?	Luigi Lo Cascio, Alessio Boni, Adriana Asti, Sonia Bergamasco, Fabrizio Gifuni, Maya Sansa, Valentina Carnelutti, Jasmine Trinca, Andrea Tidona, Lidia Vitale, Claudio Gioè, Paolo Bonanni, Giovanni Scifoni, Riccardo Scamarcio, Camilla Filippi
description of La meglio gioventù	An Italian epic that follows the lives of two brothers, from the 1960s to the 2000s.
What is the description of La meglio gioventù	An Italian epic that follows the lives of two brothers, from the 1960s to the 2000s.
description of La meglio gioventù?	An Italian epic that follows the lives of two brothers, from the 1960s to the 2000s.
average of votes of La meglio gioventù	8.5
What is the average of votes of La meglio gioventù	8.5
average of votes of La meglio gioventù?	8.5
number of votes of La meglio gioventù	20184
What is the number of votes of La meglio gioventù	20184
number of votes of La meglio gioventù?	20184
budget of La meglio gioventù	nan
What is the budget of La meglio gioventù	nan
budget of La meglio gioventù?	nan
number of reviews from users of La meglio gioventù	100.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La meglio gioventù	100.0
number of reviews from users of La meglio gioventù?	100.0
number of reviews from critics of La meglio gioventù	65.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La meglio gioventù	65.0
number of reviews from critics of La meglio gioventù?	65.0
title of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical
What is the title of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical
title of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical
year of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	2017
What is the year of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	2017
year of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	2017
date of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	2017-02-16
What is the date of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	2017-02-16
date of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	2017-02-16
genre of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Musical
What is the genre of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Musical
genre of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Musical
duration of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	149
What is the duration of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	149
duration of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	149
country of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	USA
What is the country of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	USA
country of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	USA
language of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	English
What is the language of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	English
language of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	English
director of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeff Calhoun, Brett Sullivan
Who is the director of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeff Calhoun, Brett Sullivan
director of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Jeff Calhoun, Brett Sullivan
writer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Harvey Fierstein, Bob Tzudiker
Who is the writer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Harvey Fierstein, Bob Tzudiker
writer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Harvey Fierstein, Bob Tzudiker
producer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Disney Theatrical Productions (DTP)
Who is the producer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Disney Theatrical Productions (DTP)
producer of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Disney Theatrical Productions (DTP)
actors of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeremy Jordan, Kara Lindsay, Ben Fankhauser, Andrew Keenan-Bolger, Steve Blanchard, Aisha De Haas, Ethan Steiner, Tommy Bracco, Joshua Burrage, Ben Cook, Michael Dameski, Julian DeGuzman, Nico DeJesus, J.P. Ferreri, Sky Flaherty
Who are the principle actors of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeremy Jordan, Kara Lindsay, Ben Fankhauser, Andrew Keenan-Bolger, Steve Blanchard, Aisha De Haas, Ethan Steiner, Tommy Bracco, Joshua Burrage, Ben Cook, Michael Dameski, Julian DeGuzman, Nico DeJesus, J.P. Ferreri, Sky Flaherty
Who are the actors of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeremy Jordan, Kara Lindsay, Ben Fankhauser, Andrew Keenan-Bolger, Steve Blanchard, Aisha De Haas, Ethan Steiner, Tommy Bracco, Joshua Burrage, Ben Cook, Michael Dameski, Julian DeGuzman, Nico DeJesus, J.P. Ferreri, Sky Flaherty
Who are the main actors of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Jeremy Jordan, Kara Lindsay, Ben Fankhauser, Andrew Keenan-Bolger, Steve Blanchard, Aisha De Haas, Ethan Steiner, Tommy Bracco, Joshua Burrage, Ben Cook, Michael Dameski, Julian DeGuzman, Nico DeJesus, J.P. Ferreri, Sky Flaherty
actors of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Jeremy Jordan, Kara Lindsay, Ben Fankhauser, Andrew Keenan-Bolger, Steve Blanchard, Aisha De Haas, Ethan Steiner, Tommy Bracco, Joshua Burrage, Ben Cook, Michael Dameski, Julian DeGuzman, Nico DeJesus, J.P. Ferreri, Sky Flaherty
description of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Filmed live on stage at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood, CA, this is a not-to-be-missed high energy show starring Original Broadway cast members.
What is the description of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	Filmed live on stage at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood, CA, this is a not-to-be-missed high energy show starring Original Broadway cast members.
description of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	Filmed live on stage at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood, CA, this is a not-to-be-missed high energy show starring Original Broadway cast members.
average of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	8.5
What is the average of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	8.5
average of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	8.5
number of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	1953
What is the number of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	1953
number of votes of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	1953
budget of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	$ 2000000
What is the budget of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	$ 2000000
budget of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	$ 2000000
number of reviews from users of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	19.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	19.0
number of reviews from users of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	19.0
number of reviews from critics of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	1.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical	1.0
number of reviews from critics of Disney's Newsies: The Broadway Musical?	1.0
title of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection
What is the title of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection
title of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection
year of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	2016
What is the year of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	2016
year of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	2016
date of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	2016-01-01
What is the date of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	2016-01-01
date of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	2016-01-01
genre of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	Animation
What is the genre of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	Animation
genre of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	Animation
duration of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	56
What is the duration of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	56
duration of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	56
country of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	USA
What is the country of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	USA
country of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	USA
language of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	English
What is the language of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	English
language of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	English
director of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who is the director of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
director of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
writer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who is the writer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
writer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
producer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who is the producer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
producer of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
actors of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who are the principle actors of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who are the actors of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
Who are the main actors of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
actors of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
description of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	This collection contains 8 classic Bugs Bunny cartoons from 1942-1943. All cartoons have been digitally remastered from the best possible sources. 1. Case of the Missing Hare (1942) 2. The ...
What is the description of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	This collection contains 8 classic Bugs Bunny cartoons from 1942-1943. All cartoons have been digitally remastered from the best possible sources. 1. Case of the Missing Hare (1942) 2. The ...
description of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	This collection contains 8 classic Bugs Bunny cartoons from 1942-1943. All cartoons have been digitally remastered from the best possible sources. 1. Case of the Missing Hare (1942) 2. The ...
average of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	8.5
What is the average of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	8.5
average of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	8.5
number of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	557
What is the number of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	557
number of votes of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	557
budget of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
What is the budget of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
budget of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
number of reviews from users of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	1.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	1.0
number of reviews from users of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	1.0
number of reviews from critics of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection	nan
number of reviews from critics of Bugs Bunny: Looney Tunes Cartoons 1942-1943 - Golden-Era Collection?	nan
title of Titanic Review	Titanic Review
What is the title of Titanic Review	Titanic Review
title of Titanic Review?	Titanic Review
year of Titanic Review	2012
What is the year of Titanic Review	2012
year of Titanic Review?	2012
date of Titanic Review	2012-12-09
What is the date of Titanic Review	2012-12-09
date of Titanic Review?	2012-12-09
genre of Titanic Review	Comedy
What is the genre of Titanic Review	Comedy
genre of Titanic Review?	Comedy
duration of Titanic Review	61
What is the duration of Titanic Review	61
duration of Titanic Review?	61
country of Titanic Review	USA
What is the country of Titanic Review	USA
country of Titanic Review?	USA
language of Titanic Review	English
What is the language of Titanic Review	English
language of Titanic Review?	English
director of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the director of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
director of Titanic Review?	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the writer of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Titanic Review?	Mike Stoklasa
producer of Titanic Review	Red Letter Media
Who is the producer of Titanic Review	Red Letter Media
producer of Titanic Review?	Red Letter Media
actors of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the principle actors of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the actors of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the main actors of Titanic Review	Mike Stoklasa
actors of Titanic Review?	Mike Stoklasa
description of Titanic Review	Harry Plinkett explains why Titanic is both the best movie ever made and the worst movie ever made.
What is the description of Titanic Review	Harry Plinkett explains why Titanic is both the best movie ever made and the worst movie ever made.
description of Titanic Review?	Harry Plinkett explains why Titanic is both the best movie ever made and the worst movie ever made.
average of votes of Titanic Review	8.5
What is the average of votes of Titanic Review	8.5
average of votes of Titanic Review?	8.5
number of votes of Titanic Review	463
What is the number of votes of Titanic Review	463
number of votes of Titanic Review?	463
budget of Titanic Review	nan
What is the budget of Titanic Review	nan
budget of Titanic Review?	nan
number of reviews from users of Titanic Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Titanic Review	nan
number of reviews from users of Titanic Review?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Titanic Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Titanic Review	nan
number of reviews from critics of Titanic Review?	nan
title of Lost Angelas	Lost Angelas
What is the title of Lost Angelas	Lost Angelas
title of Lost Angelas?	Lost Angelas
year of Lost Angelas	2019
What is the year of Lost Angelas	2019
year of Lost Angelas?	2019
date of Lost Angelas	2019-03-26
What is the date of Lost Angelas	2019-03-26
date of Lost Angelas?	2019-03-26
genre of Lost Angelas	Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Lost Angelas	Mystery, Thriller
genre of Lost Angelas?	Mystery, Thriller
duration of Lost Angelas	88
What is the duration of Lost Angelas	88
duration of Lost Angelas?	88
country of Lost Angelas	USA
What is the country of Lost Angelas	USA
country of Lost Angelas?	USA
language of Lost Angelas	English
What is the language of Lost Angelas	English
language of Lost Angelas?	English
director of Lost Angelas	William Wayne
Who is the director of Lost Angelas	William Wayne
director of Lost Angelas?	William Wayne
writer of Lost Angelas	William Wayne, Jen Zias
Who is the writer of Lost Angelas	William Wayne, Jen Zias
writer of Lost Angelas?	William Wayne, Jen Zias
producer of Lost Angelas	Neverdie Studios
Who is the producer of Lost Angelas	Neverdie Studios
producer of Lost Angelas?	Neverdie Studios
actors of Lost Angelas	Korrina Rico, William Wayne, Jon Jacobs, David Proval, John Capodice, Charlotte Lewis, John Aprea, Jane Crawley, Melissa Mars, Jennifer Field, Josh Kloss, Cheri Moon, Claire Sinclair, EmRey, Ariel Archuleta
Who are the principle actors of Lost Angelas	Korrina Rico, William Wayne, Jon Jacobs, David Proval, John Capodice, Charlotte Lewis, John Aprea, Jane Crawley, Melissa Mars, Jennifer Field, Josh Kloss, Cheri Moon, Claire Sinclair, EmRey, Ariel Archuleta
Who are the actors of Lost Angelas	Korrina Rico, William Wayne, Jon Jacobs, David Proval, John Capodice, Charlotte Lewis, John Aprea, Jane Crawley, Melissa Mars, Jennifer Field, Josh Kloss, Cheri Moon, Claire Sinclair, EmRey, Ariel Archuleta
Who are the main actors of Lost Angelas	Korrina Rico, William Wayne, Jon Jacobs, David Proval, John Capodice, Charlotte Lewis, John Aprea, Jane Crawley, Melissa Mars, Jennifer Field, Josh Kloss, Cheri Moon, Claire Sinclair, EmRey, Ariel Archuleta
actors of Lost Angelas?	Korrina Rico, William Wayne, Jon Jacobs, David Proval, John Capodice, Charlotte Lewis, John Aprea, Jane Crawley, Melissa Mars, Jennifer Field, Josh Kloss, Cheri Moon, Claire Sinclair, EmRey, Ariel Archuleta
description of Lost Angelas	Best actress nominee Angela Rose is missing and the only lead to her over-publicized disappearance is her ex-fiancé and struggling screenwriter, Jake Hart. Searching for Angela and haunted ...
What is the description of Lost Angelas	Best actress nominee Angela Rose is missing and the only lead to her over-publicized disappearance is her ex-fiancé and struggling screenwriter, Jake Hart. Searching for Angela and haunted ...
description of Lost Angelas?	Best actress nominee Angela Rose is missing and the only lead to her over-publicized disappearance is her ex-fiancé and struggling screenwriter, Jake Hart. Searching for Angela and haunted ...
average of votes of Lost Angelas	8.5
What is the average of votes of Lost Angelas	8.5
average of votes of Lost Angelas?	8.5
number of votes of Lost Angelas	153
What is the number of votes of Lost Angelas	153
number of votes of Lost Angelas?	153
budget of Lost Angelas	nan
What is the budget of Lost Angelas	nan
budget of Lost Angelas?	nan
number of reviews from users of Lost Angelas	1.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Lost Angelas	1.0
number of reviews from users of Lost Angelas?	1.0
number of reviews from critics of Lost Angelas	8.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Lost Angelas	8.0
number of reviews from critics of Lost Angelas?	8.0
title of Django Unchained	Django Unchained
What is the title of Django Unchained	Django Unchained
title of Django Unchained?	Django Unchained
year of Django Unchained	2012
What is the year of Django Unchained	2012
year of Django Unchained?	2012
date of Django Unchained	2013-01-17
What is the date of Django Unchained	2013-01-17
date of Django Unchained?	2013-01-17
genre of Django Unchained	Drama, Western
What is the genre of Django Unchained	Drama, Western
genre of Django Unchained?	Drama, Western
duration of Django Unchained	165
What is the duration of Django Unchained	165
duration of Django Unchained?	165
country of Django Unchained	USA
What is the country of Django Unchained	USA
country of Django Unchained?	USA
language of Django Unchained	English, German, French, Italian
What is the language of Django Unchained	English, German, French, Italian
language of Django Unchained?	English, German, French, Italian
director of Django Unchained	Quentin Tarantino
Who is the director of Django Unchained	Quentin Tarantino
director of Django Unchained?	Quentin Tarantino
writer of Django Unchained	Quentin Tarantino
Who is the writer of Django Unchained	Quentin Tarantino
writer of Django Unchained?	Quentin Tarantino
producer of Django Unchained	The Weinstein Company
Who is the producer of Django Unchained	The Weinstein Company
producer of Django Unchained?	The Weinstein Company
actors of Django Unchained	Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Clay Donahue Fontenot
Who are the principle actors of Django Unchained	Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Clay Donahue Fontenot
Who are the actors of Django Unchained	Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Clay Donahue Fontenot
Who are the main actors of Django Unchained	Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Clay Donahue Fontenot
actors of Django Unchained?	Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson, Walton Goggins, Dennis Christopher, James Remar, David Steen, Dana Gourrier, Nichole Galicia, Laura Cayouette, Ato Essandoh, Sammi Rotibi, Clay Donahue Fontenot
description of Django Unchained	With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
What is the description of Django Unchained	With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
description of Django Unchained?	With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
average of votes of Django Unchained	8.4
What is the average of votes of Django Unchained	8.4
average of votes of Django Unchained?	8.4
number of votes of Django Unchained	1317856
What is the number of votes of Django Unchained	1317856
number of votes of Django Unchained?	1317856
budget of Django Unchained	$ 100000000
What is the budget of Django Unchained	$ 100000000
budget of Django Unchained?	$ 100000000
number of reviews from users of Django Unchained	1547.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Django Unchained	1547.0
number of reviews from users of Django Unchained?	1547.0
number of reviews from critics of Django Unchained	838.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Django Unchained	838.0
number of reviews from critics of Django Unchained?	838.0
title of Memento	Memento
What is the title of Memento	Memento
title of Memento?	Memento
year of Memento	2000
What is the year of Memento	2000
year of Memento?	2000
date of Memento	2001-01-19
What is the date of Memento	2001-01-19
date of Memento?	2001-01-19
genre of Memento	Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Memento	Mystery, Thriller
genre of Memento?	Mystery, Thriller
duration of Memento	113
What is the duration of Memento	113
duration of Memento?	113
country of Memento	USA
What is the country of Memento	USA
country of Memento?	USA
language of Memento	English
What is the language of Memento	English
language of Memento?	English
director of Memento	Christopher Nolan
Who is the director of Memento	Christopher Nolan
director of Memento?	Christopher Nolan
writer of Memento	Christopher Nolan, Jonathan Nolan
Who is the writer of Memento	Christopher Nolan, Jonathan Nolan
writer of Memento?	Christopher Nolan, Jonathan Nolan
producer of Memento	Newmarket Capital Group
Who is the producer of Memento	Newmarket Capital Group
producer of Memento?	Newmarket Capital Group
actors of Memento	Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega, Jorja Fox, Stephen Tobolowsky, Harriet Sansom Harris, Thomas Lennon, Callum Keith Rennie, Kimberly Campbell, Marianne Muellerleile, Larry Holden
Who are the principle actors of Memento	Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega, Jorja Fox, Stephen Tobolowsky, Harriet Sansom Harris, Thomas Lennon, Callum Keith Rennie, Kimberly Campbell, Marianne Muellerleile, Larry Holden
Who are the actors of Memento	Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega, Jorja Fox, Stephen Tobolowsky, Harriet Sansom Harris, Thomas Lennon, Callum Keith Rennie, Kimberly Campbell, Marianne Muellerleile, Larry Holden
Who are the main actors of Memento	Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega, Jorja Fox, Stephen Tobolowsky, Harriet Sansom Harris, Thomas Lennon, Callum Keith Rennie, Kimberly Campbell, Marianne Muellerleile, Larry Holden
actors of Memento?	Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, Joe Pantoliano, Mark Boone Junior, Russ Fega, Jorja Fox, Stephen Tobolowsky, Harriet Sansom Harris, Thomas Lennon, Callum Keith Rennie, Kimberly Campbell, Marianne Muellerleile, Larry Holden
description of Memento	A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.
What is the description of Memento	A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.
description of Memento?	A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.
average of votes of Memento	8.4
What is the average of votes of Memento	8.4
average of votes of Memento?	8.4
number of votes of Memento	1098879
What is the number of votes of Memento	1098879
number of votes of Memento?	1098879
budget of Memento	$ 9000000
What is the budget of Memento	$ 9000000
budget of Memento?	$ 9000000
number of reviews from users of Memento	2278.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Memento	2278.0
number of reviews from users of Memento?	2278.0
number of reviews from critics of Memento	213.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Memento	213.0
number of reviews from critics of Memento?	213.0
title of WALL·E	WALL·E
What is the title of WALL·E	WALL·E
title of WALL·E?	WALL·E
year of WALL·E	2008
What is the year of WALL·E	2008
year of WALL·E?	2008
date of WALL·E	2008-10-17
What is the date of WALL·E	2008-10-17
date of WALL·E?	2008-10-17
genre of WALL·E	Animation, Adventure, Family
What is the genre of WALL·E	Animation, Adventure, Family
genre of WALL·E?	Animation, Adventure, Family
duration of WALL·E	98
What is the duration of WALL·E	98
duration of WALL·E?	98
country of WALL·E	USA
What is the country of WALL·E	USA
country of WALL·E?	USA
language of WALL·E	English
What is the language of WALL·E	English
language of WALL·E?	English
director of WALL·E	Andrew Stanton
Who is the director of WALL·E	Andrew Stanton
director of WALL·E?	Andrew Stanton
writer of WALL·E	Andrew Stanton, Pete Docter
Who is the writer of WALL·E	Andrew Stanton, Pete Docter
writer of WALL·E?	Andrew Stanton, Pete Docter
producer of WALL·E	FortyFour Studios
Who is the producer of WALL·E	FortyFour Studios
producer of WALL·E?	FortyFour Studios
actors of WALL·E	Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, MacInTalk, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, Sigourney Weaver, Teddy Newton, Bob Bergen, John Cygan, Pete Docter, Paul Eiding, Donald Fullilove, Teresa Ganzel
Who are the principle actors of WALL·E	Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, MacInTalk, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, Sigourney Weaver, Teddy Newton, Bob Bergen, John Cygan, Pete Docter, Paul Eiding, Donald Fullilove, Teresa Ganzel
Who are the actors of WALL·E	Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, MacInTalk, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, Sigourney Weaver, Teddy Newton, Bob Bergen, John Cygan, Pete Docter, Paul Eiding, Donald Fullilove, Teresa Ganzel
Who are the main actors of WALL·E	Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, MacInTalk, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, Sigourney Weaver, Teddy Newton, Bob Bergen, John Cygan, Pete Docter, Paul Eiding, Donald Fullilove, Teresa Ganzel
actors of WALL·E?	Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, Fred Willard, MacInTalk, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, Sigourney Weaver, Teddy Newton, Bob Bergen, John Cygan, Pete Docter, Paul Eiding, Donald Fullilove, Teresa Ganzel
description of WALL·E	In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.
What is the description of WALL·E	In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.
description of WALL·E?	In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.
average of votes of WALL·E	8.4
What is the average of votes of WALL·E	8.4
average of votes of WALL·E?	8.4
number of votes of WALL·E	974734
What is the number of votes of WALL·E	974734
number of votes of WALL·E?	974734
budget of WALL·E	$ 180000000
What is the budget of WALL·E	$ 180000000
budget of WALL·E?	$ 180000000
number of reviews from users of WALL·E	1287.0
What is the number of reviews from users of WALL·E	1287.0
number of reviews from users of WALL·E?	1287.0
number of reviews from critics of WALL·E	269.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of WALL·E	269.0
number of reviews from critics of WALL·E?	269.0
title of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Raiders of the Lost Ark
What is the title of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Raiders of the Lost Ark
title of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Raiders of the Lost Ark
year of Raiders of the Lost Ark	1981
What is the year of Raiders of the Lost Ark	1981
year of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	1981
date of Raiders of the Lost Ark	1981-06-12
What is the date of Raiders of the Lost Ark	1981-06-12
date of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	1981-06-12
genre of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Action, Adventure
What is the genre of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Action, Adventure
genre of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Action, Adventure
duration of Raiders of the Lost Ark	115
What is the duration of Raiders of the Lost Ark	115
duration of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	115
country of Raiders of the Lost Ark	USA
What is the country of Raiders of the Lost Ark	USA
country of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	USA
language of Raiders of the Lost Ark	English, German, Hebrew, Spanish, Arabic, Nepali
What is the language of Raiders of the Lost Ark	English, German, Hebrew, Spanish, Arabic, Nepali
language of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	English, German, Hebrew, Spanish, Arabic, Nepali
director of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Steven Spielberg
Who is the director of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Steven Spielberg
director of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Steven Spielberg
writer of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
Who is the writer of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
writer of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
producer of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Paramount Pictures
producer of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian, Don Fellows, William Hootkins, Bill Reimbold, Fred Sorenson, Patrick Durkin
Who are the principle actors of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian, Don Fellows, William Hootkins, Bill Reimbold, Fred Sorenson, Patrick Durkin
Who are the actors of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian, Don Fellows, William Hootkins, Bill Reimbold, Fred Sorenson, Patrick Durkin
Who are the main actors of Raiders of the Lost Ark	Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian, Don Fellows, William Hootkins, Bill Reimbold, Fred Sorenson, Patrick Durkin
actors of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott, Alfred Molina, Wolf Kahler, Anthony Higgins, Vic Tablian, Don Fellows, William Hootkins, Bill Reimbold, Fred Sorenson, Patrick Durkin
description of Raiders of the Lost Ark	In 1936, archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before
What is the description of Raiders of the Lost Ark	In 1936, archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before
description of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	In 1936, archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before
average of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark	8.4
What is the average of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark	8.4
average of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	8.4
number of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark	865510
What is the number of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark	865510
number of votes of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	865510
budget of Raiders of the Lost Ark	$ 18000000
What is the budget of Raiders of the Lost Ark	$ 18000000
budget of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	$ 18000000
number of reviews from users of Raiders of the Lost Ark	948.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Raiders of the Lost Ark	948.0
number of reviews from users of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	948.0
number of reviews from critics of Raiders of the Lost Ark	258.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Raiders of the Lost Ark	258.0
number of reviews from critics of Raiders of the Lost Ark?	258.0
title of Avengers: Infinity War	Avengers: Infinity War
What is the title of Avengers: Infinity War	Avengers: Infinity War
title of Avengers: Infinity War?	Avengers: Infinity War
year of Avengers: Infinity War	2018
What is the year of Avengers: Infinity War	2018
year of Avengers: Infinity War?	2018
date of Avengers: Infinity War	2018-04-25
What is the date of Avengers: Infinity War	2018-04-25
date of Avengers: Infinity War?	2018-04-25
genre of Avengers: Infinity War	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of Avengers: Infinity War	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
genre of Avengers: Infinity War?	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
duration of Avengers: Infinity War	149
What is the duration of Avengers: Infinity War	149
duration of Avengers: Infinity War?	149
country of Avengers: Infinity War	USA
What is the country of Avengers: Infinity War	USA
country of Avengers: Infinity War?	USA
language of Avengers: Infinity War	English
What is the language of Avengers: Infinity War	English
language of Avengers: Infinity War?	English
director of Avengers: Infinity War	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Who is the director of Avengers: Infinity War	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
director of Avengers: Infinity War?	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
writer of Avengers: Infinity War	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
Who is the writer of Avengers: Infinity War	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
writer of Avengers: Infinity War?	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
producer of Avengers: Infinity War	Marvel Studios
Who is the producer of Avengers: Infinity War	Marvel Studios
producer of Avengers: Infinity War?	Marvel Studios
actors of Avengers: Infinity War	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Tom Hiddleston, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie
Who are the principle actors of Avengers: Infinity War	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Tom Hiddleston, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie
Who are the actors of Avengers: Infinity War	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Tom Hiddleston, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie
Who are the main actors of Avengers: Infinity War	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Tom Hiddleston, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie
actors of Avengers: Infinity War?	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Zoe Saldana, Karen Gillan, Tom Hiddleston, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie
description of Avengers: Infinity War	The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
What is the description of Avengers: Infinity War	The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
description of Avengers: Infinity War?	The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.
average of votes of Avengers: Infinity War	8.4
What is the average of votes of Avengers: Infinity War	8.4
average of votes of Avengers: Infinity War?	8.4
number of votes of Avengers: Infinity War	796486
What is the number of votes of Avengers: Infinity War	796486
number of votes of Avengers: Infinity War?	796486
budget of Avengers: Infinity War	$ 321000000
What is the budget of Avengers: Infinity War	$ 321000000
budget of Avengers: Infinity War?	$ 321000000
number of reviews from users of Avengers: Infinity War	4273.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Avengers: Infinity War	4273.0
number of reviews from users of Avengers: Infinity War?	4273.0
number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Infinity War	611.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Infinity War	611.0
number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Infinity War?	611.0
title of Avengers: Endgame	Avengers: Endgame
What is the title of Avengers: Endgame	Avengers: Endgame
title of Avengers: Endgame?	Avengers: Endgame
year of Avengers: Endgame	2019
What is the year of Avengers: Endgame	2019
year of Avengers: Endgame?	2019
date of Avengers: Endgame	2019-04-24
What is the date of Avengers: Endgame	2019-04-24
date of Avengers: Endgame?	2019-04-24
genre of Avengers: Endgame	Action, Adventure, Drama
What is the genre of Avengers: Endgame	Action, Adventure, Drama
genre of Avengers: Endgame?	Action, Adventure, Drama
duration of Avengers: Endgame	181
What is the duration of Avengers: Endgame	181
duration of Avengers: Endgame?	181
country of Avengers: Endgame	USA
What is the country of Avengers: Endgame	USA
country of Avengers: Endgame?	USA
language of Avengers: Endgame	English, Japanese, Xhosa, German
What is the language of Avengers: Endgame	English, Japanese, Xhosa, German
language of Avengers: Endgame?	English, Japanese, Xhosa, German
director of Avengers: Endgame	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
Who is the director of Avengers: Endgame	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
director of Avengers: Endgame?	Anthony Russo, Joe Russo
writer of Avengers: Endgame	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
Who is the writer of Avengers: Endgame	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
writer of Avengers: Endgame?	Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely
producer of Avengers: Endgame	Marvel Studios
Who is the producer of Avengers: Endgame	Marvel Studios
producer of Avengers: Endgame?	Marvel Studios
actors of Avengers: Endgame	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Brie Larson, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, Evangeline Lilly
Who are the principle actors of Avengers: Endgame	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Brie Larson, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, Evangeline Lilly
Who are the actors of Avengers: Endgame	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Brie Larson, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, Evangeline Lilly
Who are the main actors of Avengers: Endgame	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Brie Larson, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, Evangeline Lilly
actors of Avengers: Endgame?	Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Brie Larson, Tom Holland, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, Evangeline Lilly
description of Avengers: Endgame	After the devastating events of
What is the description of Avengers: Endgame	After the devastating events of
description of Avengers: Endgame?	After the devastating events of
average of votes of Avengers: Endgame	8.4
What is the average of votes of Avengers: Endgame	8.4
average of votes of Avengers: Endgame?	8.4
number of votes of Avengers: Endgame	754786
What is the number of votes of Avengers: Endgame	754786
number of votes of Avengers: Endgame?	754786
budget of Avengers: Endgame	$ 356000000
What is the budget of Avengers: Endgame	$ 356000000
budget of Avengers: Endgame?	$ 356000000
number of reviews from users of Avengers: Endgame	8869.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Avengers: Endgame	8869.0
number of reviews from users of Avengers: Endgame?	8869.0
number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Endgame	557.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Endgame	557.0
number of reviews from critics of Avengers: Endgame?	557.0
title of Apocalypse Now	Apocalypse Now
What is the title of Apocalypse Now	Apocalypse Now
title of Apocalypse Now?	Apocalypse Now
year of Apocalypse Now	1979
What is the year of Apocalypse Now	1979
year of Apocalypse Now?	1979
date of Apocalypse Now	1979-12-18
What is the date of Apocalypse Now	1979-12-18
date of Apocalypse Now?	1979-12-18
genre of Apocalypse Now	Drama, Mystery, War
What is the genre of Apocalypse Now	Drama, Mystery, War
genre of Apocalypse Now?	Drama, Mystery, War
duration of Apocalypse Now	147
What is the duration of Apocalypse Now	147
duration of Apocalypse Now?	147
country of Apocalypse Now	USA
What is the country of Apocalypse Now	USA
country of Apocalypse Now?	USA
language of Apocalypse Now	English, French, Vietnamese
What is the language of Apocalypse Now	English, French, Vietnamese
language of Apocalypse Now?	English, French, Vietnamese
director of Apocalypse Now	Francis Ford Coppola
Who is the director of Apocalypse Now	Francis Ford Coppola
director of Apocalypse Now?	Francis Ford Coppola
writer of Apocalypse Now	John Milius, Francis Ford Coppola
Who is the writer of Apocalypse Now	John Milius, Francis Ford Coppola
writer of Apocalypse Now?	John Milius, Francis Ford Coppola
producer of Apocalypse Now	American Zoetrope
Who is the producer of Apocalypse Now	American Zoetrope
producer of Apocalypse Now?	American Zoetrope
actors of Apocalypse Now	Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Frederic Forrest, Sam Bottoms, Laurence Fishburne, Albert Hall, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, G.D. Spradlin, Jerry Ziesmer, Scott Glenn, Bo Byers, James Keane, Kerry Rossall
Who are the principle actors of Apocalypse Now	Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Frederic Forrest, Sam Bottoms, Laurence Fishburne, Albert Hall, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, G.D. Spradlin, Jerry Ziesmer, Scott Glenn, Bo Byers, James Keane, Kerry Rossall
Who are the actors of Apocalypse Now	Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Frederic Forrest, Sam Bottoms, Laurence Fishburne, Albert Hall, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, G.D. Spradlin, Jerry Ziesmer, Scott Glenn, Bo Byers, James Keane, Kerry Rossall
Who are the main actors of Apocalypse Now	Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Frederic Forrest, Sam Bottoms, Laurence Fishburne, Albert Hall, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, G.D. Spradlin, Jerry Ziesmer, Scott Glenn, Bo Byers, James Keane, Kerry Rossall
actors of Apocalypse Now?	Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Frederic Forrest, Sam Bottoms, Laurence Fishburne, Albert Hall, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, G.D. Spradlin, Jerry Ziesmer, Scott Glenn, Bo Byers, James Keane, Kerry Rossall
description of Apocalypse Now	A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.
What is the description of Apocalypse Now	A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.
description of Apocalypse Now?	A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.
average of votes of Apocalypse Now	8.4
What is the average of votes of Apocalypse Now	8.4
average of votes of Apocalypse Now?	8.4
number of votes of Apocalypse Now	591251
What is the number of votes of Apocalypse Now	591251
number of votes of Apocalypse Now?	591251
budget of Apocalypse Now	$ 31500000
What is the budget of Apocalypse Now	$ 31500000
budget of Apocalypse Now?	$ 31500000
number of reviews from users of Apocalypse Now	1205.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Apocalypse Now	1205.0
number of reviews from users of Apocalypse Now?	1205.0
number of reviews from critics of Apocalypse Now	305.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Apocalypse Now	305.0
number of reviews from critics of Apocalypse Now?	305.0
title of Rear Window	Rear Window
What is the title of Rear Window	Rear Window
title of Rear Window?	Rear Window
year of Rear Window	1954
What is the year of Rear Window	1954
year of Rear Window?	1954
date of Rear Window	1955-04-14
What is the date of Rear Window	1955-04-14
date of Rear Window?	1955-04-14
genre of Rear Window	Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Rear Window	Mystery, Thriller
genre of Rear Window?	Mystery, Thriller
duration of Rear Window	112
What is the duration of Rear Window	112
duration of Rear Window?	112
country of Rear Window	USA
What is the country of Rear Window	USA
country of Rear Window?	USA
language of Rear Window	English
What is the language of Rear Window	English
language of Rear Window?	English
director of Rear Window	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of Rear Window	Alfred Hitchcock
director of Rear Window?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of Rear Window	John Michael Hayes, Cornell Woolrich
Who is the writer of Rear Window	John Michael Hayes, Cornell Woolrich
writer of Rear Window?	John Michael Hayes, Cornell Woolrich
producer of Rear Window	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
Who is the producer of Rear Window	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
producer of Rear Window?	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
actors of Rear Window	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr, Judith Evelyn, Ross Bagdasarian, Georgine Darcy, Sara Berner, Frank Cady, Jesslyn Fax, Rand Harper, Irene Winston, Havis Davenport
Who are the principle actors of Rear Window	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr, Judith Evelyn, Ross Bagdasarian, Georgine Darcy, Sara Berner, Frank Cady, Jesslyn Fax, Rand Harper, Irene Winston, Havis Davenport
Who are the actors of Rear Window	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr, Judith Evelyn, Ross Bagdasarian, Georgine Darcy, Sara Berner, Frank Cady, Jesslyn Fax, Rand Harper, Irene Winston, Havis Davenport
Who are the main actors of Rear Window	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr, Judith Evelyn, Ross Bagdasarian, Georgine Darcy, Sara Berner, Frank Cady, Jesslyn Fax, Rand Harper, Irene Winston, Havis Davenport
actors of Rear Window?	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Wendell Corey, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr, Judith Evelyn, Ross Bagdasarian, Georgine Darcy, Sara Berner, Frank Cady, Jesslyn Fax, Rand Harper, Irene Winston, Havis Davenport
description of Rear Window	A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
What is the description of Rear Window	A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
description of Rear Window?	A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
average of votes of Rear Window	8.4
What is the average of votes of Rear Window	8.4
average of votes of Rear Window?	8.4
number of votes of Rear Window	432390
What is the number of votes of Rear Window	432390
number of votes of Rear Window?	432390
budget of Rear Window	$ 1000000
What is the budget of Rear Window	$ 1000000
budget of Rear Window?	$ 1000000
number of reviews from users of Rear Window	855.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Rear Window	855.0
number of reviews from users of Rear Window?	855.0
number of reviews from critics of Rear Window	157.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Rear Window	157.0
number of reviews from critics of Rear Window?	157.0
title of Coco	Coco
What is the title of Coco	Coco
title of Coco?	Coco
year of Coco	2017
What is the year of Coco	2017
year of Coco?	2017
date of Coco	2017-12-28
What is the date of Coco	2017-12-28
date of Coco?	2017-12-28
genre of Coco	Animation, Adventure, Family
What is the genre of Coco	Animation, Adventure, Family
genre of Coco?	Animation, Adventure, Family
duration of Coco	105
What is the duration of Coco	105
duration of Coco?	105
country of Coco	USA
What is the country of Coco	USA
country of Coco?	USA
language of Coco	English, Spanish
What is the language of Coco	English, Spanish
language of Coco?	English, Spanish
director of Coco	Lee Unkrich, Adrian Molina
Who is the director of Coco	Lee Unkrich, Adrian Molina
director of Coco?	Lee Unkrich, Adrian Molina
writer of Coco	Lee Unkrich, Jason Katz
Who is the writer of Coco	Lee Unkrich, Jason Katz
writer of Coco?	Lee Unkrich, Jason Katz
producer of Coco	Walt Disney Pictures
Who is the producer of Coco	Walt Disney Pictures
producer of Coco?	Walt Disney Pictures
actors of Coco	Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renee Victor, Jaime Camil, Alfonso Arau, Herbert Siguenza, Gabriel Iglesias, Lombardo Boyar, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Selene Luna, Edward James Olmos, Sofía Espinosa
Who are the principle actors of Coco	Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renee Victor, Jaime Camil, Alfonso Arau, Herbert Siguenza, Gabriel Iglesias, Lombardo Boyar, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Selene Luna, Edward James Olmos, Sofía Espinosa
Who are the actors of Coco	Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renee Victor, Jaime Camil, Alfonso Arau, Herbert Siguenza, Gabriel Iglesias, Lombardo Boyar, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Selene Luna, Edward James Olmos, Sofía Espinosa
Who are the main actors of Coco	Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renee Victor, Jaime Camil, Alfonso Arau, Herbert Siguenza, Gabriel Iglesias, Lombardo Boyar, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Selene Luna, Edward James Olmos, Sofía Espinosa
actors of Coco?	Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt, Alanna Ubach, Renee Victor, Jaime Camil, Alfonso Arau, Herbert Siguenza, Gabriel Iglesias, Lombardo Boyar, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Selene Luna, Edward James Olmos, Sofía Espinosa
description of Coco	Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.
What is the description of Coco	Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.
description of Coco?	Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.
average of votes of Coco	8.4
What is the average of votes of Coco	8.4
average of votes of Coco?	8.4
number of votes of Coco	352455
What is the number of votes of Coco	352455
number of votes of Coco?	352455
budget of Coco	$ 175000000
What is the budget of Coco	$ 175000000
budget of Coco?	$ 175000000
number of reviews from users of Coco	1101.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Coco	1101.0
number of reviews from users of Coco?	1101.0
number of reviews from critics of Coco	408.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Coco	408.0
number of reviews from critics of Coco?	408.0
title of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
What is the title of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
title of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
year of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	2018
What is the year of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	2018
year of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	2018
date of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	2018-12-25
What is the date of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	2018-12-25
date of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	2018-12-25
genre of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Animation, Action, Adventure
What is the genre of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Animation, Action, Adventure
genre of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Animation, Action, Adventure
duration of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	117
What is the duration of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	117
duration of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	117
country of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	USA
What is the country of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	USA
country of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	USA
language of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	English, Spanish
What is the language of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	English, Spanish
language of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	English, Spanish
director of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey
Who is the director of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey
director of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey
writer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Phil Lord, Rodney Rothman
Who is the writer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Phil Lord, Rodney Rothman
writer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Phil Lord, Rodney Rothman
producer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE)
Who is the producer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE)
producer of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE)
actors of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoë Kravitz, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Chris Pine, Natalie Morales
Who are the principle actors of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoë Kravitz, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Chris Pine, Natalie Morales
Who are the actors of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoë Kravitz, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Chris Pine, Natalie Morales
Who are the main actors of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoë Kravitz, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Chris Pine, Natalie Morales
actors of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, Zoë Kravitz, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, Kathryn Hahn, Liev Schreiber, Chris Pine, Natalie Morales
description of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.
What is the description of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.
description of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	Teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.
average of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	8.4
What is the average of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	8.4
average of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	8.4
number of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	335892
What is the number of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	335892
number of votes of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	335892
budget of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	$ 90000000
What is the budget of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	$ 90000000
budget of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	$ 90000000
number of reviews from users of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	1828.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	1828.0
number of reviews from users of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	1828.0
number of reviews from critics of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	397.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse	397.0
number of reviews from critics of Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse?	397.0
title of The Great Dictator	The Great Dictator
What is the title of The Great Dictator	The Great Dictator
title of The Great Dictator?	The Great Dictator
year of The Great Dictator	1940
What is the year of The Great Dictator	1940
year of The Great Dictator?	1940
date of The Great Dictator	1945-06-25
What is the date of The Great Dictator	1945-06-25
date of The Great Dictator?	1945-06-25
genre of The Great Dictator	Comedy, Drama, War
What is the genre of The Great Dictator	Comedy, Drama, War
genre of The Great Dictator?	Comedy, Drama, War
duration of The Great Dictator	125
What is the duration of The Great Dictator	125
duration of The Great Dictator?	125
country of The Great Dictator	USA
What is the country of The Great Dictator	USA
country of The Great Dictator?	USA
language of The Great Dictator	English, Esperanto
What is the language of The Great Dictator	English, Esperanto
language of The Great Dictator?	English, Esperanto
director of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin
director of The Great Dictator?	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Great Dictator?	Charles Chaplin
producer of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of The Great Dictator?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell, Billy Gilbert, Grace Hayle, Carter DeHaven, Paulette Goddard, Maurice Moscovitch, Emma Dunn, Bernard Gorcey, Paul Weigel, Chester Conklin, Esther Michelson, Hank Mann
Who are the principle actors of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell, Billy Gilbert, Grace Hayle, Carter DeHaven, Paulette Goddard, Maurice Moscovitch, Emma Dunn, Bernard Gorcey, Paul Weigel, Chester Conklin, Esther Michelson, Hank Mann
Who are the actors of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell, Billy Gilbert, Grace Hayle, Carter DeHaven, Paulette Goddard, Maurice Moscovitch, Emma Dunn, Bernard Gorcey, Paul Weigel, Chester Conklin, Esther Michelson, Hank Mann
Who are the main actors of The Great Dictator	Charles Chaplin, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell, Billy Gilbert, Grace Hayle, Carter DeHaven, Paulette Goddard, Maurice Moscovitch, Emma Dunn, Bernard Gorcey, Paul Weigel, Chester Conklin, Esther Michelson, Hank Mann
actors of The Great Dictator?	Charles Chaplin, Jack Oakie, Reginald Gardiner, Henry Daniell, Billy Gilbert, Grace Hayle, Carter DeHaven, Paulette Goddard, Maurice Moscovitch, Emma Dunn, Bernard Gorcey, Paul Weigel, Chester Conklin, Esther Michelson, Hank Mann
description of The Great Dictator	Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
What is the description of The Great Dictator	Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
description of The Great Dictator?	Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
average of votes of The Great Dictator	8.4
What is the average of votes of The Great Dictator	8.4
average of votes of The Great Dictator?	8.4
number of votes of The Great Dictator	197381
What is the number of votes of The Great Dictator	197381
number of votes of The Great Dictator?	197381
budget of The Great Dictator	$ 2000000
What is the budget of The Great Dictator	$ 2000000
budget of The Great Dictator?	$ 2000000
number of reviews from users of The Great Dictator	267.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Great Dictator	267.0
number of reviews from users of The Great Dictator?	267.0
number of reviews from critics of The Great Dictator	141.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Great Dictator	141.0
number of reviews from critics of The Great Dictator?	141.0
title of Sunset Blvd.	Sunset Blvd.
What is the title of Sunset Blvd.	Sunset Blvd.
title of Sunset Blvd.?	Sunset Blvd.
year of Sunset Blvd.	1950
What is the year of Sunset Blvd.	1950
year of Sunset Blvd.?	1950
date of Sunset Blvd.	1951-03-06
What is the date of Sunset Blvd.	1951-03-06
date of Sunset Blvd.?	1951-03-06
genre of Sunset Blvd.	Drama, Film-Noir
What is the genre of Sunset Blvd.	Drama, Film-Noir
genre of Sunset Blvd.?	Drama, Film-Noir
duration of Sunset Blvd.	110
What is the duration of Sunset Blvd.	110
duration of Sunset Blvd.?	110
country of Sunset Blvd.	USA
What is the country of Sunset Blvd.	USA
country of Sunset Blvd.?	USA
language of Sunset Blvd.	English
What is the language of Sunset Blvd.	English
language of Sunset Blvd.?	English
director of Sunset Blvd.	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of Sunset Blvd.	Billy Wilder
director of Sunset Blvd.?	Billy Wilder
writer of Sunset Blvd.	Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder
Who is the writer of Sunset Blvd.	Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder
writer of Sunset Blvd.?	Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder
producer of Sunset Blvd.	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Sunset Blvd.	Paramount Pictures
producer of Sunset Blvd.?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Sunset Blvd.	William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough, Jack Webb, Franklyn Farnum, Larry J. Blake, Charles Dayton, Cecil B. DeMille, Hedda Hopper, Buster Keaton, Anna Q. Nilsson, H.B. Warner
Who are the principle actors of Sunset Blvd.	William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough, Jack Webb, Franklyn Farnum, Larry J. Blake, Charles Dayton, Cecil B. DeMille, Hedda Hopper, Buster Keaton, Anna Q. Nilsson, H.B. Warner
Who are the actors of Sunset Blvd.	William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough, Jack Webb, Franklyn Farnum, Larry J. Blake, Charles Dayton, Cecil B. DeMille, Hedda Hopper, Buster Keaton, Anna Q. Nilsson, H.B. Warner
Who are the main actors of Sunset Blvd.	William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough, Jack Webb, Franklyn Farnum, Larry J. Blake, Charles Dayton, Cecil B. DeMille, Hedda Hopper, Buster Keaton, Anna Q. Nilsson, H.B. Warner
actors of Sunset Blvd.?	William Holden, Gloria Swanson, Erich von Stroheim, Nancy Olson, Fred Clark, Lloyd Gough, Jack Webb, Franklyn Farnum, Larry J. Blake, Charles Dayton, Cecil B. DeMille, Hedda Hopper, Buster Keaton, Anna Q. Nilsson, H.B. Warner
description of Sunset Blvd.	A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.
What is the description of Sunset Blvd.	A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.
description of Sunset Blvd.?	A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.
average of votes of Sunset Blvd.	8.4
What is the average of votes of Sunset Blvd.	8.4
average of votes of Sunset Blvd.?	8.4
number of votes of Sunset Blvd.	195789
What is the number of votes of Sunset Blvd.	195789
number of votes of Sunset Blvd.?	195789
budget of Sunset Blvd.	$ 1752000
What is the budget of Sunset Blvd.	$ 1752000
budget of Sunset Blvd.?	$ 1752000
number of reviews from users of Sunset Blvd.	615.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Sunset Blvd.	615.0
number of reviews from users of Sunset Blvd.?	615.0
number of reviews from critics of Sunset Blvd.	178.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Sunset Blvd.	178.0
number of reviews from critics of Sunset Blvd.?	178.0
title of Paths of Glory	Paths of Glory
What is the title of Paths of Glory	Paths of Glory
title of Paths of Glory?	Paths of Glory
year of Paths of Glory	1957
What is the year of Paths of Glory	1957
year of Paths of Glory?	1957
date of Paths of Glory	1958-01-22
What is the date of Paths of Glory	1958-01-22
date of Paths of Glory?	1958-01-22
genre of Paths of Glory	Drama, War
What is the genre of Paths of Glory	Drama, War
genre of Paths of Glory?	Drama, War
duration of Paths of Glory	88
What is the duration of Paths of Glory	88
duration of Paths of Glory?	88
country of Paths of Glory	USA
What is the country of Paths of Glory	USA
country of Paths of Glory?	USA
language of Paths of Glory	English, German, Latin
What is the language of Paths of Glory	English, German, Latin
language of Paths of Glory?	English, German, Latin
director of Paths of Glory	Stanley Kubrick
Who is the director of Paths of Glory	Stanley Kubrick
director of Paths of Glory?	Stanley Kubrick
writer of Paths of Glory	Stanley Kubrick, Calder Willingham
Who is the writer of Paths of Glory	Stanley Kubrick, Calder Willingham
writer of Paths of Glory?	Stanley Kubrick, Calder Willingham
producer of Paths of Glory	Bryna Productions
Who is the producer of Paths of Glory	Bryna Productions
producer of Paths of Glory?	Bryna Productions
actors of Paths of Glory	Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris, Richard Anderson, Joe Turkel, Christiane Kubrick, Jerry Hausner, Peter Capell, Emile Meyer, Bert Freed, Kem Dibbs, Timothy Carey, Fred Bell
Who are the principle actors of Paths of Glory	Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris, Richard Anderson, Joe Turkel, Christiane Kubrick, Jerry Hausner, Peter Capell, Emile Meyer, Bert Freed, Kem Dibbs, Timothy Carey, Fred Bell
Who are the actors of Paths of Glory	Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris, Richard Anderson, Joe Turkel, Christiane Kubrick, Jerry Hausner, Peter Capell, Emile Meyer, Bert Freed, Kem Dibbs, Timothy Carey, Fred Bell
Who are the main actors of Paths of Glory	Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris, Richard Anderson, Joe Turkel, Christiane Kubrick, Jerry Hausner, Peter Capell, Emile Meyer, Bert Freed, Kem Dibbs, Timothy Carey, Fred Bell
actors of Paths of Glory?	Kirk Douglas, Ralph Meeker, Adolphe Menjou, George Macready, Wayne Morris, Richard Anderson, Joe Turkel, Christiane Kubrick, Jerry Hausner, Peter Capell, Emile Meyer, Bert Freed, Kem Dibbs, Timothy Carey, Fred Bell
description of Paths of Glory	After refusing to attack an enemy position, a general accuses the soldiers of cowardice and their commanding officer must defend them.
What is the description of Paths of Glory	After refusing to attack an enemy position, a general accuses the soldiers of cowardice and their commanding officer must defend them.
description of Paths of Glory?	After refusing to attack an enemy position, a general accuses the soldiers of cowardice and their commanding officer must defend them.
average of votes of Paths of Glory	8.4
What is the average of votes of Paths of Glory	8.4
average of votes of Paths of Glory?	8.4
number of votes of Paths of Glory	172671
What is the number of votes of Paths of Glory	172671
number of votes of Paths of Glory?	172671
budget of Paths of Glory	$ 935000
What is the budget of Paths of Glory	$ 935000
budget of Paths of Glory?	$ 935000
number of reviews from users of Paths of Glory	428.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Paths of Glory	428.0
number of reviews from users of Paths of Glory?	428.0
number of reviews from critics of Paths of Glory	162.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Paths of Glory	162.0
number of reviews from critics of Paths of Glory?	162.0
title of Witness for the Prosecution	Witness for the Prosecution
What is the title of Witness for the Prosecution	Witness for the Prosecution
title of Witness for the Prosecution?	Witness for the Prosecution
year of Witness for the Prosecution	1957
What is the year of Witness for the Prosecution	1957
year of Witness for the Prosecution?	1957
date of Witness for the Prosecution	1958-03-03
What is the date of Witness for the Prosecution	1958-03-03
date of Witness for the Prosecution?	1958-03-03
genre of Witness for the Prosecution	Crime, Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of Witness for the Prosecution	Crime, Drama, Mystery
genre of Witness for the Prosecution?	Crime, Drama, Mystery
duration of Witness for the Prosecution	116
What is the duration of Witness for the Prosecution	116
duration of Witness for the Prosecution?	116
country of Witness for the Prosecution	USA
What is the country of Witness for the Prosecution	USA
country of Witness for the Prosecution?	USA
language of Witness for the Prosecution	English, German
What is the language of Witness for the Prosecution	English, German
language of Witness for the Prosecution?	English, German
director of Witness for the Prosecution	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of Witness for the Prosecution	Billy Wilder
director of Witness for the Prosecution?	Billy Wilder
writer of Witness for the Prosecution	Agatha Christie, Billy Wilder
Who is the writer of Witness for the Prosecution	Agatha Christie, Billy Wilder
writer of Witness for the Prosecution?	Agatha Christie, Billy Wilder
producer of Witness for the Prosecution	Edward Small Productions
Who is the producer of Witness for the Prosecution	Edward Small Productions
producer of Witness for the Prosecution?	Edward Small Productions
actors of Witness for the Prosecution	Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Charles Laughton, Elsa Lanchester, John Williams, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, Norma Varden, Una O'Connor, Francis Compton, Philip Tonge, Ruta Lee
Who are the principle actors of Witness for the Prosecution	Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Charles Laughton, Elsa Lanchester, John Williams, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, Norma Varden, Una O'Connor, Francis Compton, Philip Tonge, Ruta Lee
Who are the actors of Witness for the Prosecution	Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Charles Laughton, Elsa Lanchester, John Williams, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, Norma Varden, Una O'Connor, Francis Compton, Philip Tonge, Ruta Lee
Who are the main actors of Witness for the Prosecution	Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Charles Laughton, Elsa Lanchester, John Williams, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, Norma Varden, Una O'Connor, Francis Compton, Philip Tonge, Ruta Lee
actors of Witness for the Prosecution?	Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Charles Laughton, Elsa Lanchester, John Williams, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Torin Thatcher, Norma Varden, Una O'Connor, Francis Compton, Philip Tonge, Ruta Lee
description of Witness for the Prosecution	A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
What is the description of Witness for the Prosecution	A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
description of Witness for the Prosecution?	A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.
average of votes of Witness for the Prosecution	8.4
What is the average of votes of Witness for the Prosecution	8.4
average of votes of Witness for the Prosecution?	8.4
number of votes of Witness for the Prosecution	104524
What is the number of votes of Witness for the Prosecution	104524
number of votes of Witness for the Prosecution?	104524
budget of Witness for the Prosecution	$ 3000000
What is the budget of Witness for the Prosecution	$ 3000000
budget of Witness for the Prosecution?	$ 3000000
number of reviews from users of Witness for the Prosecution	268.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Witness for the Prosecution	268.0
number of reviews from users of Witness for the Prosecution?	268.0
number of reviews from critics of Witness for the Prosecution	98.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Witness for the Prosecution	98.0
number of reviews from critics of Witness for the Prosecution?	98.0
title of Les enfants du paradis	Les enfants du paradis
What is the title of Les enfants du paradis	Les enfants du paradis
title of Les enfants du paradis?	Les enfants du paradis
year of Les enfants du paradis	1945
What is the year of Les enfants du paradis	1945
year of Les enfants du paradis?	1945
date of Les enfants du paradis	1950-08-25
What is the date of Les enfants du paradis	1950-08-25
date of Les enfants du paradis?	1950-08-25
genre of Les enfants du paradis	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Les enfants du paradis	Drama, Romance
genre of Les enfants du paradis?	Drama, Romance
duration of Les enfants du paradis	189
What is the duration of Les enfants du paradis	189
duration of Les enfants du paradis?	189
country of Les enfants du paradis	France
What is the country of Les enfants du paradis	France
country of Les enfants du paradis?	France
language of Les enfants du paradis	French
What is the language of Les enfants du paradis	French
language of Les enfants du paradis?	French
director of Les enfants du paradis	Marcel Carné
Who is the director of Les enfants du paradis	Marcel Carné
director of Les enfants du paradis?	Marcel Carné
writer of Les enfants du paradis	Jacques Prévert
Who is the writer of Les enfants du paradis	Jacques Prévert
writer of Les enfants du paradis?	Jacques Prévert
producer of Les enfants du paradis	Société Nouvelle Pathé Cinéma
Who is the producer of Les enfants du paradis	Société Nouvelle Pathé Cinéma
producer of Les enfants du paradis?	Société Nouvelle Pathé Cinéma
actors of Les enfants du paradis	Arletty, Jean-Louis Barrault, Pierre Brasseur, Pierre Renoir, María Casares, Gaston Modot, Fabien Loris, Marcel Pérès, Palau, Etienne Decroux, Jane Marken, Marcelle Monthil, Louis Florencie, Habib Benglia, Rognoni
Who are the principle actors of Les enfants du paradis	Arletty, Jean-Louis Barrault, Pierre Brasseur, Pierre Renoir, María Casares, Gaston Modot, Fabien Loris, Marcel Pérès, Palau, Etienne Decroux, Jane Marken, Marcelle Monthil, Louis Florencie, Habib Benglia, Rognoni
Who are the actors of Les enfants du paradis	Arletty, Jean-Louis Barrault, Pierre Brasseur, Pierre Renoir, María Casares, Gaston Modot, Fabien Loris, Marcel Pérès, Palau, Etienne Decroux, Jane Marken, Marcelle Monthil, Louis Florencie, Habib Benglia, Rognoni
Who are the main actors of Les enfants du paradis	Arletty, Jean-Louis Barrault, Pierre Brasseur, Pierre Renoir, María Casares, Gaston Modot, Fabien Loris, Marcel Pérès, Palau, Etienne Decroux, Jane Marken, Marcelle Monthil, Louis Florencie, Habib Benglia, Rognoni
actors of Les enfants du paradis?	Arletty, Jean-Louis Barrault, Pierre Brasseur, Pierre Renoir, María Casares, Gaston Modot, Fabien Loris, Marcel Pérès, Palau, Etienne Decroux, Jane Marken, Marcelle Monthil, Louis Florencie, Habib Benglia, Rognoni
description of Les enfants du paradis	The theatrical life of a beautiful courtesan and the four men who love her.
What is the description of Les enfants du paradis	The theatrical life of a beautiful courtesan and the four men who love her.
description of Les enfants du paradis?	The theatrical life of a beautiful courtesan and the four men who love her.
average of votes of Les enfants du paradis	8.4
What is the average of votes of Les enfants du paradis	8.4
average of votes of Les enfants du paradis?	8.4
number of votes of Les enfants du paradis	17829
What is the number of votes of Les enfants du paradis	17829
number of votes of Les enfants du paradis?	17829
budget of Les enfants du paradis	nan
What is the budget of Les enfants du paradis	nan
budget of Les enfants du paradis?	nan
number of reviews from users of Les enfants du paradis	106.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Les enfants du paradis	106.0
number of reviews from users of Les enfants du paradis?	106.0
number of reviews from critics of Les enfants du paradis	126.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Les enfants du paradis	126.0
number of reviews from critics of Les enfants du paradis?	126.0
title of BROS. Last Call	BROS. Last Call
What is the title of BROS. Last Call	BROS. Last Call
title of BROS. Last Call?	BROS. Last Call
year of BROS. Last Call	2018
What is the year of BROS. Last Call	2018
year of BROS. Last Call?	2018
date of BROS. Last Call	2018-10-19
What is the date of BROS. Last Call	2018-10-19
date of BROS. Last Call?	2018-10-19
genre of BROS. Last Call	Comedy
What is the genre of BROS. Last Call	Comedy
genre of BROS. Last Call?	Comedy
duration of BROS. Last Call	92
What is the duration of BROS. Last Call	92
duration of BROS. Last Call?	92
country of BROS. Last Call	USA
What is the country of BROS. Last Call	USA
country of BROS. Last Call?	USA
language of BROS. Last Call	English
What is the language of BROS. Last Call	English
language of BROS. Last Call?	English
director of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel
Who is the director of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel
director of BROS. Last Call?	Don Tjernagel
writer of BROS. Last Call	Matt Lee Ingebritson, Don Tjernagel
Who is the writer of BROS. Last Call	Matt Lee Ingebritson, Don Tjernagel
writer of BROS. Last Call?	Matt Lee Ingebritson, Don Tjernagel
producer of BROS. Last Call	nan
Who is the producer of BROS. Last Call	nan
producer of BROS. Last Call?	nan
actors of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel, Joey Loboda, Abigail Van Patten, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Bram Zwingli, Cassie O'Meara, Cassi McMullen, Clint Boevers, Trevor Jean Volentine, Corey Kerr, Megan Tjernagel, Josh Bash, Deandre Sipthekid Smith, Tanner Bollinger, Jordan Abbe
Who are the principle actors of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel, Joey Loboda, Abigail Van Patten, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Bram Zwingli, Cassie O'Meara, Cassi McMullen, Clint Boevers, Trevor Jean Volentine, Corey Kerr, Megan Tjernagel, Josh Bash, Deandre Sipthekid Smith, Tanner Bollinger, Jordan Abbe
Who are the actors of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel, Joey Loboda, Abigail Van Patten, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Bram Zwingli, Cassie O'Meara, Cassi McMullen, Clint Boevers, Trevor Jean Volentine, Corey Kerr, Megan Tjernagel, Josh Bash, Deandre Sipthekid Smith, Tanner Bollinger, Jordan Abbe
Who are the main actors of BROS. Last Call	Don Tjernagel, Joey Loboda, Abigail Van Patten, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Bram Zwingli, Cassie O'Meara, Cassi McMullen, Clint Boevers, Trevor Jean Volentine, Corey Kerr, Megan Tjernagel, Josh Bash, Deandre Sipthekid Smith, Tanner Bollinger, Jordan Abbe
actors of BROS. Last Call?	Don Tjernagel, Joey Loboda, Abigail Van Patten, Matt Lee Ingebritson, Bram Zwingli, Cassie O'Meara, Cassi McMullen, Clint Boevers, Trevor Jean Volentine, Corey Kerr, Megan Tjernagel, Josh Bash, Deandre Sipthekid Smith, Tanner Bollinger, Jordan Abbe
description of BROS. Last Call	Comedy Matt is facing the inevitable ending of his youth, and is also alone on his weekly outing in his beloved hometown of Waterloo, Iowa. His best friend and main friend Tanner is now engaged and spending all his time with his fiance.
What is the description of BROS. Last Call	Comedy Matt is facing the inevitable ending of his youth, and is also alone on his weekly outing in his beloved hometown of Waterloo, Iowa. His best friend and main friend Tanner is now engaged and spending all his time with his fiance.
description of BROS. Last Call?	Comedy Matt is facing the inevitable ending of his youth, and is also alone on his weekly outing in his beloved hometown of Waterloo, Iowa. His best friend and main friend Tanner is now engaged and spending all his time with his fiance.
average of votes of BROS. Last Call	8.4
What is the average of votes of BROS. Last Call	8.4
average of votes of BROS. Last Call?	8.4
number of votes of BROS. Last Call	1044
What is the number of votes of BROS. Last Call	1044
number of votes of BROS. Last Call?	1044
budget of BROS. Last Call	$ 5000
What is the budget of BROS. Last Call	$ 5000
budget of BROS. Last Call?	$ 5000
number of reviews from users of BROS. Last Call	2.0
What is the number of reviews from users of BROS. Last Call	2.0
number of reviews from users of BROS. Last Call?	2.0
number of reviews from critics of BROS. Last Call	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of BROS. Last Call	nan
number of reviews from critics of BROS. Last Call?	nan
title of 1 Interrogation	1 Interrogation
What is the title of 1 Interrogation	1 Interrogation
title of 1 Interrogation?	1 Interrogation
year of 1 Interrogation	2020
What is the year of 1 Interrogation	2020
year of 1 Interrogation?	2020
date of 1 Interrogation	2020-06-25
What is the date of 1 Interrogation	2020-06-25
date of 1 Interrogation?	2020-06-25
genre of 1 Interrogation	Crime
What is the genre of 1 Interrogation	Crime
genre of 1 Interrogation?	Crime
duration of 1 Interrogation	95
What is the duration of 1 Interrogation	95
duration of 1 Interrogation?	95
country of 1 Interrogation	USA
What is the country of 1 Interrogation	USA
country of 1 Interrogation?	USA
language of 1 Interrogation	English, Russian
What is the language of 1 Interrogation	English, Russian
language of 1 Interrogation?	English, Russian
director of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens
Who is the director of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens
director of 1 Interrogation?	Dan Hewitt Owens
writer of 1 Interrogation	Charidy Wronski, Dan Hewitt Owens
Who is the writer of 1 Interrogation	Charidy Wronski, Dan Hewitt Owens
writer of 1 Interrogation?	Charidy Wronski, Dan Hewitt Owens
producer of 1 Interrogation	1 Media Productions
Who is the producer of 1 Interrogation	1 Media Productions
producer of 1 Interrogation?	1 Media Productions
actors of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens, Charidy Wronski, Tom Arnold, Danni Tamburro, Frank Parrillo, Sharon Garrison, Amy Lyndon, Dalton E. Gray, Ryla J. Wronski, Cristina Hinds, Stephen Manley, Ryan Bollman, Elizabeth Hinds Mueller, Lyndsey Rae, Steve Dressler
Who are the principle actors of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens, Charidy Wronski, Tom Arnold, Danni Tamburro, Frank Parrillo, Sharon Garrison, Amy Lyndon, Dalton E. Gray, Ryla J. Wronski, Cristina Hinds, Stephen Manley, Ryan Bollman, Elizabeth Hinds Mueller, Lyndsey Rae, Steve Dressler
Who are the actors of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens, Charidy Wronski, Tom Arnold, Danni Tamburro, Frank Parrillo, Sharon Garrison, Amy Lyndon, Dalton E. Gray, Ryla J. Wronski, Cristina Hinds, Stephen Manley, Ryan Bollman, Elizabeth Hinds Mueller, Lyndsey Rae, Steve Dressler
Who are the main actors of 1 Interrogation	Dan Hewitt Owens, Charidy Wronski, Tom Arnold, Danni Tamburro, Frank Parrillo, Sharon Garrison, Amy Lyndon, Dalton E. Gray, Ryla J. Wronski, Cristina Hinds, Stephen Manley, Ryan Bollman, Elizabeth Hinds Mueller, Lyndsey Rae, Steve Dressler
actors of 1 Interrogation?	Dan Hewitt Owens, Charidy Wronski, Tom Arnold, Danni Tamburro, Frank Parrillo, Sharon Garrison, Amy Lyndon, Dalton E. Gray, Ryla J. Wronski, Cristina Hinds, Stephen Manley, Ryan Bollman, Elizabeth Hinds Mueller, Lyndsey Rae, Steve Dressler
description of 1 Interrogation	Detective Bill Daniels has spent the last 40 years in the interrogation unit. Some are criminals, some are victims. Faced with the truth, some lie, some are defiant and some find redemption.
What is the description of 1 Interrogation	Detective Bill Daniels has spent the last 40 years in the interrogation unit. Some are criminals, some are victims. Faced with the truth, some lie, some are defiant and some find redemption.
description of 1 Interrogation?	Detective Bill Daniels has spent the last 40 years in the interrogation unit. Some are criminals, some are victims. Faced with the truth, some lie, some are defiant and some find redemption.
average of votes of 1 Interrogation	8.4
What is the average of votes of 1 Interrogation	8.4
average of votes of 1 Interrogation?	8.4
number of votes of 1 Interrogation	1036
What is the number of votes of 1 Interrogation	1036
number of votes of 1 Interrogation?	1036
budget of 1 Interrogation	nan
What is the budget of 1 Interrogation	nan
budget of 1 Interrogation?	nan
number of reviews from users of 1 Interrogation	21.0
What is the number of reviews from users of 1 Interrogation	21.0
number of reviews from users of 1 Interrogation?	21.0
number of reviews from critics of 1 Interrogation	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of 1 Interrogation	nan
number of reviews from critics of 1 Interrogation?	nan
title of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Primal: Tales of Savagery
What is the title of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Primal: Tales of Savagery
title of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Primal: Tales of Savagery
year of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2019
What is the year of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2019
year of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	2019
date of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2020-01-07
What is the date of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2020-01-07
date of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	2020-01-07
genre of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Animation, Action, Adventure
What is the genre of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Animation, Action, Adventure
genre of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Animation, Action, Adventure
duration of Primal: Tales of Savagery	85
What is the duration of Primal: Tales of Savagery	85
duration of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	85
country of Primal: Tales of Savagery	USA
What is the country of Primal: Tales of Savagery	USA
country of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	USA
language of Primal: Tales of Savagery	English, None
What is the language of Primal: Tales of Savagery	English, None
language of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	English, None
director of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Genndy Tartakovsky
Who is the director of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Genndy Tartakovsky
director of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Genndy Tartakovsky
writer of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Bryan Andrews, Darrick Bachman
Who is the writer of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Bryan Andrews, Darrick Bachman
writer of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Bryan Andrews, Darrick Bachman
producer of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Cartoon Network Studios
Who is the producer of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Cartoon Network Studios
producer of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Cartoon Network Studios
actors of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson
Who are the principle actors of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson
Who are the actors of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson
Who are the main actors of Primal: Tales of Savagery	Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson
actors of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	Aaron LaPlante, Jon Olson
description of Primal: Tales of Savagery	GENNDY TARTAKOVSKY'S PRIMAL - TALES OF SAVAGERY features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy, this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival.
What is the description of Primal: Tales of Savagery	GENNDY TARTAKOVSKY'S PRIMAL - TALES OF SAVAGERY features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy, this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival.
description of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	GENNDY TARTAKOVSKY'S PRIMAL - TALES OF SAVAGERY features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy, this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival.
average of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery	8.4
What is the average of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery	8.4
average of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	8.4
number of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery	664
What is the number of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery	664
number of votes of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	664
budget of Primal: Tales of Savagery	nan
What is the budget of Primal: Tales of Savagery	nan
budget of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	nan
number of reviews from users of Primal: Tales of Savagery	7.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Primal: Tales of Savagery	7.0
number of reviews from users of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	7.0
number of reviews from critics of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Primal: Tales of Savagery	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Primal: Tales of Savagery?	2.0
title of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)
What is the title of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)
title of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)
year of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	1988
What is the year of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	1988
year of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	1988
date of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	1988-10-29
What is the date of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	1988-10-29
date of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	1988-10-29
genre of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Action, Crime, Fantasy
What is the genre of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Action, Crime, Fantasy
genre of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Action, Crime, Fantasy
duration of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	48
What is the duration of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	48
duration of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	48
country of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	USA
What is the country of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	USA
country of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	USA
language of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	English
What is the language of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	English
language of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	English
director of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Colin Chilvers
Who is the director of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Colin Chilvers
director of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Colin Chilvers
writer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
Who is the writer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
writer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	nan
producer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Associated FilmGroup (AFG)
Who is the producer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Associated FilmGroup (AFG)
producer of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Associated FilmGroup (AFG)
actors of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Brandon Quintin Adams, Michael Jackson, Sean Lennon, Kelley Parker, Joe Pesci
Who are the principle actors of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Brandon Quintin Adams, Michael Jackson, Sean Lennon, Kelley Parker, Joe Pesci
Who are the actors of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Brandon Quintin Adams, Michael Jackson, Sean Lennon, Kelley Parker, Joe Pesci
Who are the main actors of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Brandon Quintin Adams, Michael Jackson, Sean Lennon, Kelley Parker, Joe Pesci
actors of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Brandon Quintin Adams, Michael Jackson, Sean Lennon, Kelley Parker, Joe Pesci
description of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Michael tried to protect three children as he is chased by Mr Big and his army across a city. Excerpt from Moonwalker 1988.
What is the description of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	Michael tried to protect three children as he is chased by Mr Big and his army across a city. Excerpt from Moonwalker 1988.
description of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	Michael tried to protect three children as he is chased by Mr Big and his army across a city. Excerpt from Moonwalker 1988.
average of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	8.4
What is the average of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	8.4
average of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	8.4
number of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	352
What is the number of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	352
number of votes of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	352
budget of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	$ 22000000
What is the budget of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	$ 22000000
budget of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	$ 22000000
number of reviews from users of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
number of reviews from users of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)	nan
number of reviews from critics of Michael Jackson: Smooth Criminal (II)?	nan
title of Pope	Pope
What is the title of Pope	Pope
title of Pope?	Pope
year of Pope	2017
What is the year of Pope	2017
year of Pope?	2017
date of Pope	2017
What is the date of Pope	2017
date of Pope?	2017
genre of Pope	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Pope	Crime, Drama
genre of Pope?	Crime, Drama
duration of Pope	55
What is the duration of Pope	55
duration of Pope?	55
country of Pope	USA
What is the country of Pope	USA
country of Pope?	USA
language of Pope	English
What is the language of Pope	English
language of Pope?	English
director of Pope	Dwight White
Who is the director of Pope	Dwight White
director of Pope?	Dwight White
writer of Pope	Dwight White
Who is the writer of Pope	Dwight White
writer of Pope?	Dwight White
producer of Pope	Film Village
Who is the producer of Pope	Film Village
producer of Pope?	Film Village
actors of Pope	Kevin L. Walker, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr., Glenn Plummer, Will Bennett, Daniel Jeffries, Delano Glass, Denise Graham, Martini Harris, Demaris Harvey, Richard Mason, Carlos Mayes, Lisa Renée Miller, Jabbar Thomas
Who are the principle actors of Pope	Kevin L. Walker, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr., Glenn Plummer, Will Bennett, Daniel Jeffries, Delano Glass, Denise Graham, Martini Harris, Demaris Harvey, Richard Mason, Carlos Mayes, Lisa Renée Miller, Jabbar Thomas
Who are the actors of Pope	Kevin L. Walker, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr., Glenn Plummer, Will Bennett, Daniel Jeffries, Delano Glass, Denise Graham, Martini Harris, Demaris Harvey, Richard Mason, Carlos Mayes, Lisa Renée Miller, Jabbar Thomas
Who are the main actors of Pope	Kevin L. Walker, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr., Glenn Plummer, Will Bennett, Daniel Jeffries, Delano Glass, Denise Graham, Martini Harris, Demaris Harvey, Richard Mason, Carlos Mayes, Lisa Renée Miller, Jabbar Thomas
actors of Pope?	Kevin L. Walker, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr., Glenn Plummer, Will Bennett, Daniel Jeffries, Delano Glass, Denise Graham, Martini Harris, Demaris Harvey, Richard Mason, Carlos Mayes, Lisa Renée Miller, Jabbar Thomas
description of Pope	Born and raised in the ghettos of Detroit, four young Detroit street kids look to provide a better life for what remains of their broken families, but they may have bitten off more than they can handle.
What is the description of Pope	Born and raised in the ghettos of Detroit, four young Detroit street kids look to provide a better life for what remains of their broken families, but they may have bitten off more than they can handle.
description of Pope?	Born and raised in the ghettos of Detroit, four young Detroit street kids look to provide a better life for what remains of their broken families, but they may have bitten off more than they can handle.
average of votes of Pope	8.4
What is the average of votes of Pope	8.4
average of votes of Pope?	8.4
number of votes of Pope	150
What is the number of votes of Pope	150
number of votes of Pope?	150
budget of Pope	$ 1400000
What is the budget of Pope	$ 1400000
budget of Pope?	$ 1400000
number of reviews from users of Pope	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Pope	nan
number of reviews from users of Pope?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Pope	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Pope	nan
number of reviews from critics of Pope?	nan
title of The Bachelor Party	The Bachelor Party
What is the title of The Bachelor Party	The Bachelor Party
title of The Bachelor Party?	The Bachelor Party
year of The Bachelor Party	2018
What is the year of The Bachelor Party	2018
year of The Bachelor Party?	2018
date of The Bachelor Party	2018-12-01
What is the date of The Bachelor Party	2018-12-01
date of The Bachelor Party?	2018-12-01
genre of The Bachelor Party	Comedy
What is the genre of The Bachelor Party	Comedy
genre of The Bachelor Party?	Comedy
duration of The Bachelor Party	115
What is the duration of The Bachelor Party	115
duration of The Bachelor Party?	115
country of The Bachelor Party	USA
What is the country of The Bachelor Party	USA
country of The Bachelor Party?	USA
language of The Bachelor Party	English
What is the language of The Bachelor Party	English
language of The Bachelor Party?	English
director of The Bachelor Party	Tremain Hayhoe
Who is the director of The Bachelor Party	Tremain Hayhoe
director of The Bachelor Party?	Tremain Hayhoe
writer of The Bachelor Party	nan
Who is the writer of The Bachelor Party	nan
writer of The Bachelor Party?	nan
producer of The Bachelor Party	Hayhoe Studios
Who is the producer of The Bachelor Party	Hayhoe Studios
producer of The Bachelor Party?	Hayhoe Studios
actors of The Bachelor Party	Shawn Valentino, Rich Twilling, Denise Poole, Brenda Salas, Brooke Piedra, Thalia Soto, Julie Tronhuus, William Pierce, Shelly Martinez, Nina Hartley, Imara Amour, Tremain Hayhoe, Kamal Khan, Carlo Ferrer Santos, Sonia Elsie
Who are the principle actors of The Bachelor Party	Shawn Valentino, Rich Twilling, Denise Poole, Brenda Salas, Brooke Piedra, Thalia Soto, Julie Tronhuus, William Pierce, Shelly Martinez, Nina Hartley, Imara Amour, Tremain Hayhoe, Kamal Khan, Carlo Ferrer Santos, Sonia Elsie
Who are the actors of The Bachelor Party	Shawn Valentino, Rich Twilling, Denise Poole, Brenda Salas, Brooke Piedra, Thalia Soto, Julie Tronhuus, William Pierce, Shelly Martinez, Nina Hartley, Imara Amour, Tremain Hayhoe, Kamal Khan, Carlo Ferrer Santos, Sonia Elsie
Who are the main actors of The Bachelor Party	Shawn Valentino, Rich Twilling, Denise Poole, Brenda Salas, Brooke Piedra, Thalia Soto, Julie Tronhuus, William Pierce, Shelly Martinez, Nina Hartley, Imara Amour, Tremain Hayhoe, Kamal Khan, Carlo Ferrer Santos, Sonia Elsie
actors of The Bachelor Party?	Shawn Valentino, Rich Twilling, Denise Poole, Brenda Salas, Brooke Piedra, Thalia Soto, Julie Tronhuus, William Pierce, Shelly Martinez, Nina Hartley, Imara Amour, Tremain Hayhoe, Kamal Khan, Carlo Ferrer Santos, Sonia Elsie
description of The Bachelor Party	Mr. Playboy Hugh Hefner has passed away. In shock over his hero's passing, the most famous bachelor in the galaxy, Shawn "The Showstopper" Valentino, is considering leaving the playboy ...
What is the description of The Bachelor Party	Mr. Playboy Hugh Hefner has passed away. In shock over his hero's passing, the most famous bachelor in the galaxy, Shawn "The Showstopper" Valentino, is considering leaving the playboy ...
description of The Bachelor Party?	Mr. Playboy Hugh Hefner has passed away. In shock over his hero's passing, the most famous bachelor in the galaxy, Shawn "The Showstopper" Valentino, is considering leaving the playboy ...
average of votes of The Bachelor Party	8.4
What is the average of votes of The Bachelor Party	8.4
average of votes of The Bachelor Party?	8.4
number of votes of The Bachelor Party	137
What is the number of votes of The Bachelor Party	137
number of votes of The Bachelor Party?	137
budget of The Bachelor Party	$ 1000000
What is the budget of The Bachelor Party	$ 1000000
budget of The Bachelor Party?	$ 1000000
number of reviews from users of The Bachelor Party	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of The Bachelor Party	nan
number of reviews from users of The Bachelor Party?	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Bachelor Party	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Bachelor Party	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Bachelor Party?	nan
title of American Beauty	American Beauty
What is the title of American Beauty	American Beauty
title of American Beauty?	American Beauty
year of American Beauty	1999
What is the year of American Beauty	1999
year of American Beauty?	1999
date of American Beauty	2000-01-21
What is the date of American Beauty	2000-01-21
date of American Beauty?	2000-01-21
genre of American Beauty	Drama
What is the genre of American Beauty	Drama
genre of American Beauty?	Drama
duration of American Beauty	122
What is the duration of American Beauty	122
duration of American Beauty?	122
country of American Beauty	USA
What is the country of American Beauty	USA
country of American Beauty?	USA
language of American Beauty	English
What is the language of American Beauty	English
language of American Beauty?	English
director of American Beauty	Sam Mendes
Who is the director of American Beauty	Sam Mendes
director of American Beauty?	Sam Mendes
writer of American Beauty	Alan Ball
Who is the writer of American Beauty	Alan Ball
writer of American Beauty?	Alan Ball
producer of American Beauty	DreamWorks
Who is the producer of American Beauty	DreamWorks
producer of American Beauty?	DreamWorks
actors of American Beauty	Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Chris Cooper, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards, Barry Del Sherman, Ara Celi, John Cho, Fort Atkinson, Sue Casey
Who are the principle actors of American Beauty	Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Chris Cooper, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards, Barry Del Sherman, Ara Celi, John Cho, Fort Atkinson, Sue Casey
Who are the actors of American Beauty	Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Chris Cooper, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards, Barry Del Sherman, Ara Celi, John Cho, Fort Atkinson, Sue Casey
Who are the main actors of American Beauty	Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Chris Cooper, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards, Barry Del Sherman, Ara Celi, John Cho, Fort Atkinson, Sue Casey
actors of American Beauty?	Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari, Peter Gallagher, Allison Janney, Chris Cooper, Scott Bakula, Sam Robards, Barry Del Sherman, Ara Celi, John Cho, Fort Atkinson, Sue Casey
description of American Beauty	A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.
What is the description of American Beauty	A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.
description of American Beauty?	A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.
average of votes of American Beauty	8.3
What is the average of votes of American Beauty	8.3
average of votes of American Beauty?	8.3
number of votes of American Beauty	1049009
What is the number of votes of American Beauty	1049009
number of votes of American Beauty?	1049009
budget of American Beauty	$ 15000000
What is the budget of American Beauty	$ 15000000
budget of American Beauty?	$ 15000000
number of reviews from users of American Beauty	2903.0
What is the number of reviews from users of American Beauty	2903.0
number of reviews from users of American Beauty?	2903.0
number of reviews from critics of American Beauty	198.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of American Beauty	198.0
number of reviews from critics of American Beauty?	198.0
title of Braveheart	Braveheart
What is the title of Braveheart	Braveheart
title of Braveheart?	Braveheart
year of Braveheart	1995
What is the year of Braveheart	1995
year of Braveheart?	1995
date of Braveheart	1995-12-01
What is the date of Braveheart	1995-12-01
date of Braveheart?	1995-12-01
genre of Braveheart	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of Braveheart	Biography, Drama, History
genre of Braveheart?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of Braveheart	178
What is the duration of Braveheart	178
duration of Braveheart?	178
country of Braveheart	USA
What is the country of Braveheart	USA
country of Braveheart?	USA
language of Braveheart	English, French, Latin, Scottish Gaelic, Italian
What is the language of Braveheart	English, French, Latin, Scottish Gaelic, Italian
language of Braveheart?	English, French, Latin, Scottish Gaelic, Italian
director of Braveheart	Mel Gibson
Who is the director of Braveheart	Mel Gibson
director of Braveheart?	Mel Gibson
writer of Braveheart	Randall Wallace
Who is the writer of Braveheart	Randall Wallace
writer of Braveheart?	Randall Wallace
producer of Braveheart	Icon Entertainment International
Who is the producer of Braveheart	Icon Entertainment International
producer of Braveheart?	Icon Entertainment International
actors of Braveheart	James Robinson, Sean Lawlor, Sandy Nelson, James Cosmo, Sean McGinley, Alan Tall, Andrew Weir, Gerda Stevenson, Ralph Riach, Mhairi Calvey, Brian Cox, Patrick McGoohan, Peter Hanly, Sophie Marceau, Stephen Billington
Who are the principle actors of Braveheart	James Robinson, Sean Lawlor, Sandy Nelson, James Cosmo, Sean McGinley, Alan Tall, Andrew Weir, Gerda Stevenson, Ralph Riach, Mhairi Calvey, Brian Cox, Patrick McGoohan, Peter Hanly, Sophie Marceau, Stephen Billington
Who are the actors of Braveheart	James Robinson, Sean Lawlor, Sandy Nelson, James Cosmo, Sean McGinley, Alan Tall, Andrew Weir, Gerda Stevenson, Ralph Riach, Mhairi Calvey, Brian Cox, Patrick McGoohan, Peter Hanly, Sophie Marceau, Stephen Billington
Who are the main actors of Braveheart	James Robinson, Sean Lawlor, Sandy Nelson, James Cosmo, Sean McGinley, Alan Tall, Andrew Weir, Gerda Stevenson, Ralph Riach, Mhairi Calvey, Brian Cox, Patrick McGoohan, Peter Hanly, Sophie Marceau, Stephen Billington
actors of Braveheart?	James Robinson, Sean Lawlor, Sandy Nelson, James Cosmo, Sean McGinley, Alan Tall, Andrew Weir, Gerda Stevenson, Ralph Riach, Mhairi Calvey, Brian Cox, Patrick McGoohan, Peter Hanly, Sophie Marceau, Stephen Billington
description of Braveheart	Scottish warrior William Wallace leads his countrymen in a rebellion to free his homeland from the tyranny of King Edward I of England.
What is the description of Braveheart	Scottish warrior William Wallace leads his countrymen in a rebellion to free his homeland from the tyranny of King Edward I of England.
description of Braveheart?	Scottish warrior William Wallace leads his countrymen in a rebellion to free his homeland from the tyranny of King Edward I of England.
average of votes of Braveheart	8.3
What is the average of votes of Braveheart	8.3
average of votes of Braveheart?	8.3
number of votes of Braveheart	941683
What is the number of votes of Braveheart	941683
number of votes of Braveheart?	941683
budget of Braveheart	$ 72000000
What is the budget of Braveheart	$ 72000000
budget of Braveheart?	$ 72000000
number of reviews from users of Braveheart	1276.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Braveheart	1276.0
number of reviews from users of Braveheart?	1276.0
number of reviews from critics of Braveheart	148.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Braveheart	148.0
number of reviews from critics of Braveheart?	148.0
title of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
What is the title of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
title of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
year of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	1983
What is the year of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	1983
year of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	1983
date of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	1983-10-21
What is the date of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	1983-10-21
date of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	1983-10-21
genre of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
What is the genre of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
genre of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Action, Adventure, Fantasy
duration of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	131
What is the duration of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	131
duration of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	131
country of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	USA
What is the country of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	USA
country of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	USA
language of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	English
What is the language of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	English
language of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	English
director of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Richard Marquand
Who is the director of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Richard Marquand
director of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Richard Marquand
writer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
Who is the writer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
writer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Lawrence Kasdan, George Lucas
producer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Lucasfilm
Who is the producer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Lucasfilm
producer of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Lucasfilm
actors of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, Sebastian Shaw, Ian McDiarmid, Frank Oz, James Earl Jones, David Prowse, Alec Guinness, Kenny Baker, Michael Pennington, Kenneth Colley
Who are the principle actors of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, Sebastian Shaw, Ian McDiarmid, Frank Oz, James Earl Jones, David Prowse, Alec Guinness, Kenny Baker, Michael Pennington, Kenneth Colley
Who are the actors of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, Sebastian Shaw, Ian McDiarmid, Frank Oz, James Earl Jones, David Prowse, Alec Guinness, Kenny Baker, Michael Pennington, Kenneth Colley
Who are the main actors of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, Sebastian Shaw, Ian McDiarmid, Frank Oz, James Earl Jones, David Prowse, Alec Guinness, Kenny Baker, Michael Pennington, Kenneth Colley
actors of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Peter Mayhew, Sebastian Shaw, Ian McDiarmid, Frank Oz, James Earl Jones, David Prowse, Alec Guinness, Kenny Baker, Michael Pennington, Kenneth Colley
description of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.
What is the description of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.
description of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.
average of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	8.3
What is the average of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	8.3
average of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	8.3
number of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	928036
What is the number of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	928036
number of votes of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	928036
budget of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	$ 32500000
What is the budget of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	$ 32500000
budget of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	$ 32500000
number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	839.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	839.0
number of reviews from users of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	839.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	202.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi	202.0
number of reviews from critics of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?	202.0
title of Reservoir Dogs	Reservoir Dogs
What is the title of Reservoir Dogs	Reservoir Dogs
title of Reservoir Dogs?	Reservoir Dogs
year of Reservoir Dogs	1992
What is the year of Reservoir Dogs	1992
year of Reservoir Dogs?	1992
date of Reservoir Dogs	1992-10-09
What is the date of Reservoir Dogs	1992-10-09
date of Reservoir Dogs?	1992-10-09
genre of Reservoir Dogs	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of Reservoir Dogs	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of Reservoir Dogs?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of Reservoir Dogs	99
What is the duration of Reservoir Dogs	99
duration of Reservoir Dogs?	99
country of Reservoir Dogs	USA
What is the country of Reservoir Dogs	USA
country of Reservoir Dogs?	USA
language of Reservoir Dogs	English
What is the language of Reservoir Dogs	English
language of Reservoir Dogs?	English
director of Reservoir Dogs	Quentin Tarantino
Who is the director of Reservoir Dogs	Quentin Tarantino
director of Reservoir Dogs?	Quentin Tarantino
writer of Reservoir Dogs	Quentin Tarantino, Quentin Tarantino
Who is the writer of Reservoir Dogs	Quentin Tarantino, Quentin Tarantino
writer of Reservoir Dogs?	Quentin Tarantino, Quentin Tarantino
producer of Reservoir Dogs	Live Entertainment
Who is the producer of Reservoir Dogs	Live Entertainment
producer of Reservoir Dogs?	Live Entertainment
actors of Reservoir Dogs	Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi, Lawrence Tierney, Randy Brooks, Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Quentin Tarantino, Rich Turner, David Steen, Tony Cosmo, Stevo Polyi, Michael Sottile
Who are the principle actors of Reservoir Dogs	Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi, Lawrence Tierney, Randy Brooks, Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Quentin Tarantino, Rich Turner, David Steen, Tony Cosmo, Stevo Polyi, Michael Sottile
Who are the actors of Reservoir Dogs	Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi, Lawrence Tierney, Randy Brooks, Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Quentin Tarantino, Rich Turner, David Steen, Tony Cosmo, Stevo Polyi, Michael Sottile
Who are the main actors of Reservoir Dogs	Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi, Lawrence Tierney, Randy Brooks, Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Quentin Tarantino, Rich Turner, David Steen, Tony Cosmo, Stevo Polyi, Michael Sottile
actors of Reservoir Dogs?	Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Steve Buscemi, Lawrence Tierney, Randy Brooks, Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Quentin Tarantino, Rich Turner, David Steen, Tony Cosmo, Stevo Polyi, Michael Sottile
description of Reservoir Dogs	When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.
What is the description of Reservoir Dogs	When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.
description of Reservoir Dogs?	When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.
average of votes of Reservoir Dogs	8.3
What is the average of votes of Reservoir Dogs	8.3
average of votes of Reservoir Dogs?	8.3
number of votes of Reservoir Dogs	896551
What is the number of votes of Reservoir Dogs	896551
number of votes of Reservoir Dogs?	896551
budget of Reservoir Dogs	$ 1200000
What is the budget of Reservoir Dogs	$ 1200000
budget of Reservoir Dogs?	$ 1200000
number of reviews from users of Reservoir Dogs	1163.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Reservoir Dogs	1163.0
number of reviews from users of Reservoir Dogs?	1163.0
number of reviews from critics of Reservoir Dogs	205.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Reservoir Dogs	205.0
number of reviews from critics of Reservoir Dogs?	205.0
title of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
What is the title of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
title of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
year of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	2004
What is the year of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	2004
year of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	2004
date of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	2004-10-22
What is the date of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	2004-10-22
date of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	2004-10-22
genre of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi
genre of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi
duration of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	108
What is the duration of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	108
duration of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	108
country of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	USA
What is the country of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	USA
country of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	USA
language of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	English
What is the language of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	English
language of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	English
director of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Michel Gondry
Who is the director of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Michel Gondry
director of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Michel Gondry
writer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Charlie Kaufman, Michel Gondry
Who is the writer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Charlie Kaufman, Michel Gondry
writer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Charlie Kaufman, Michel Gondry
producer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Focus Features
Who is the producer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Focus Features
producer of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Focus Features
actors of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Gerry Robert Byrne, Elijah Wood, Thomas Jay Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Adams, David Cross, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson, Ryan Whitney, Debbon Ayer, Amir Ali Said, Brian Price, Paulie Litt
Who are the principle actors of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Gerry Robert Byrne, Elijah Wood, Thomas Jay Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Adams, David Cross, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson, Ryan Whitney, Debbon Ayer, Amir Ali Said, Brian Price, Paulie Litt
Who are the actors of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Gerry Robert Byrne, Elijah Wood, Thomas Jay Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Adams, David Cross, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson, Ryan Whitney, Debbon Ayer, Amir Ali Said, Brian Price, Paulie Litt
Who are the main actors of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Gerry Robert Byrne, Elijah Wood, Thomas Jay Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Adams, David Cross, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson, Ryan Whitney, Debbon Ayer, Amir Ali Said, Brian Price, Paulie Litt
actors of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Gerry Robert Byrne, Elijah Wood, Thomas Jay Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jane Adams, David Cross, Kirsten Dunst, Tom Wilkinson, Ryan Whitney, Debbon Ayer, Amir Ali Said, Brian Price, Paulie Litt
description of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.
What is the description of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.
description of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.
average of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	8.3
What is the average of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	8.3
average of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	8.3
number of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	889875
What is the number of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	889875
number of votes of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	889875
budget of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	$ 20000000
What is the budget of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	$ 20000000
budget of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	$ 20000000
number of reviews from users of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	1825.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	1825.0
number of reviews from users of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	1825.0
number of reviews from critics of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	297.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	297.0
number of reviews from critics of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?	297.0
title of Toy Story	Toy Story
What is the title of Toy Story	Toy Story
title of Toy Story?	Toy Story
year of Toy Story	1995
What is the year of Toy Story	1995
year of Toy Story?	1995
date of Toy Story	1996-03-22
What is the date of Toy Story	1996-03-22
date of Toy Story?	1996-03-22
genre of Toy Story	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
What is the genre of Toy Story	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
genre of Toy Story?	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
duration of Toy Story	81
What is the duration of Toy Story	81
duration of Toy Story?	81
country of Toy Story	USA
What is the country of Toy Story	USA
country of Toy Story?	USA
language of Toy Story	English
What is the language of Toy Story	English
language of Toy Story?	English
director of Toy Story	John Lasseter
Who is the director of Toy Story	John Lasseter
director of Toy Story?	John Lasseter
writer of Toy Story	John Lasseter, Pete Docter
Who is the writer of Toy Story	John Lasseter, Pete Docter
writer of Toy Story?	John Lasseter, Pete Docter
producer of Toy Story	Pixar Animation Studios
Who is the producer of Toy Story	Pixar Animation Studios
producer of Toy Story?	Pixar Animation Studios
actors of Toy Story	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, John Morris, Erik von Detten, Laurie Metcalf, R. Lee Ermey, Sarah Freeman, Penn Jillette, Jack Angel, Spencer Aste
Who are the principle actors of Toy Story	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, John Morris, Erik von Detten, Laurie Metcalf, R. Lee Ermey, Sarah Freeman, Penn Jillette, Jack Angel, Spencer Aste
Who are the actors of Toy Story	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, John Morris, Erik von Detten, Laurie Metcalf, R. Lee Ermey, Sarah Freeman, Penn Jillette, Jack Angel, Spencer Aste
Who are the main actors of Toy Story	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, John Morris, Erik von Detten, Laurie Metcalf, R. Lee Ermey, Sarah Freeman, Penn Jillette, Jack Angel, Spencer Aste
actors of Toy Story?	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Don Rickles, Jim Varney, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Annie Potts, John Morris, Erik von Detten, Laurie Metcalf, R. Lee Ermey, Sarah Freeman, Penn Jillette, Jack Angel, Spencer Aste
description of Toy Story	A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
What is the description of Toy Story	A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
description of Toy Story?	A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.
average of votes of Toy Story	8.3
What is the average of votes of Toy Story	8.3
average of votes of Toy Story?	8.3
number of votes of Toy Story	864461
What is the number of votes of Toy Story	864461
number of votes of Toy Story?	864461
budget of Toy Story	$ 30000000
What is the budget of Toy Story	$ 30000000
budget of Toy Story?	$ 30000000
number of reviews from users of Toy Story	617.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Toy Story	617.0
number of reviews from users of Toy Story?	617.0
number of reviews from critics of Toy Story	160.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Toy Story	160.0
number of reviews from critics of Toy Story?	160.0
title of Good Will Hunting	Good Will Hunting
What is the title of Good Will Hunting	Good Will Hunting
title of Good Will Hunting?	Good Will Hunting
year of Good Will Hunting	1997
What is the year of Good Will Hunting	1997
year of Good Will Hunting?	1997
date of Good Will Hunting	1998-03-06
What is the date of Good Will Hunting	1998-03-06
date of Good Will Hunting?	1998-03-06
genre of Good Will Hunting	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Good Will Hunting	Drama, Romance
genre of Good Will Hunting?	Drama, Romance
duration of Good Will Hunting	126
What is the duration of Good Will Hunting	126
duration of Good Will Hunting?	126
country of Good Will Hunting	USA
What is the country of Good Will Hunting	USA
country of Good Will Hunting?	USA
language of Good Will Hunting	English
What is the language of Good Will Hunting	English
language of Good Will Hunting?	English
director of Good Will Hunting	Gus Van Sant
Who is the director of Good Will Hunting	Gus Van Sant
director of Good Will Hunting?	Gus Van Sant
writer of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck
Who is the writer of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck
writer of Good Will Hunting?	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck
producer of Good Will Hunting	Be Gentlemen Limited Partnership
Who is the producer of Good Will Hunting	Be Gentlemen Limited Partnership
producer of Good Will Hunting?	Be Gentlemen Limited Partnership
actors of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, John Mighton, Rachel Majorowski, Colleen McCauley, Casey Affleck, Cole Hauser, Matt Mercier, Ralph St. George, Rob Lynds, Dan Washington, Alison Folland, Derrick Bridgeman, Vik Sahay
Who are the principle actors of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, John Mighton, Rachel Majorowski, Colleen McCauley, Casey Affleck, Cole Hauser, Matt Mercier, Ralph St. George, Rob Lynds, Dan Washington, Alison Folland, Derrick Bridgeman, Vik Sahay
Who are the actors of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, John Mighton, Rachel Majorowski, Colleen McCauley, Casey Affleck, Cole Hauser, Matt Mercier, Ralph St. George, Rob Lynds, Dan Washington, Alison Folland, Derrick Bridgeman, Vik Sahay
Who are the main actors of Good Will Hunting	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, John Mighton, Rachel Majorowski, Colleen McCauley, Casey Affleck, Cole Hauser, Matt Mercier, Ralph St. George, Rob Lynds, Dan Washington, Alison Folland, Derrick Bridgeman, Vik Sahay
actors of Good Will Hunting?	Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård, John Mighton, Rachel Majorowski, Colleen McCauley, Casey Affleck, Cole Hauser, Matt Mercier, Ralph St. George, Rob Lynds, Dan Washington, Alison Folland, Derrick Bridgeman, Vik Sahay
description of Good Will Hunting	Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
What is the description of Good Will Hunting	Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
description of Good Will Hunting?	Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
average of votes of Good Will Hunting	8.3
What is the average of votes of Good Will Hunting	8.3
average of votes of Good Will Hunting?	8.3
number of votes of Good Will Hunting	837379
What is the number of votes of Good Will Hunting	837379
number of votes of Good Will Hunting?	837379
budget of Good Will Hunting	$ 10000000
What is the budget of Good Will Hunting	$ 10000000
budget of Good Will Hunting?	$ 10000000
number of reviews from users of Good Will Hunting	899.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Good Will Hunting	899.0
number of reviews from users of Good Will Hunting?	899.0
number of reviews from critics of Good Will Hunting	164.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Good Will Hunting	164.0
number of reviews from critics of Good Will Hunting?	164.0
title of Requiem for a Dream	Requiem for a Dream
What is the title of Requiem for a Dream	Requiem for a Dream
title of Requiem for a Dream?	Requiem for a Dream
year of Requiem for a Dream	2000
What is the year of Requiem for a Dream	2000
year of Requiem for a Dream?	2000
date of Requiem for a Dream	2000-12-15
What is the date of Requiem for a Dream	2000-12-15
date of Requiem for a Dream?	2000-12-15
genre of Requiem for a Dream	Drama
What is the genre of Requiem for a Dream	Drama
genre of Requiem for a Dream?	Drama
duration of Requiem for a Dream	102
What is the duration of Requiem for a Dream	102
duration of Requiem for a Dream?	102
country of Requiem for a Dream	USA
What is the country of Requiem for a Dream	USA
country of Requiem for a Dream?	USA
language of Requiem for a Dream	English
What is the language of Requiem for a Dream	English
language of Requiem for a Dream?	English
director of Requiem for a Dream	Darren Aronofsky
Who is the director of Requiem for a Dream	Darren Aronofsky
director of Requiem for a Dream?	Darren Aronofsky
writer of Requiem for a Dream	Hubert Selby Jr., Hubert Selby Jr.
Who is the writer of Requiem for a Dream	Hubert Selby Jr., Hubert Selby Jr.
writer of Requiem for a Dream?	Hubert Selby Jr., Hubert Selby Jr.
producer of Requiem for a Dream	Artisan Entertainment
Who is the producer of Requiem for a Dream	Artisan Entertainment
producer of Requiem for a Dream?	Artisan Entertainment
actors of Requiem for a Dream	Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Marlon Wayans, Christopher McDonald, Louise Lasser, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Janet Sarno, Suzanne Shepherd, Joanne Gordon, Charlotte Aronofsky, Mark Margolis, Michael Kaycheck, Jack O'Connell, Chas Mastin
Who are the principle actors of Requiem for a Dream	Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Marlon Wayans, Christopher McDonald, Louise Lasser, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Janet Sarno, Suzanne Shepherd, Joanne Gordon, Charlotte Aronofsky, Mark Margolis, Michael Kaycheck, Jack O'Connell, Chas Mastin
Who are the actors of Requiem for a Dream	Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Marlon Wayans, Christopher McDonald, Louise Lasser, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Janet Sarno, Suzanne Shepherd, Joanne Gordon, Charlotte Aronofsky, Mark Margolis, Michael Kaycheck, Jack O'Connell, Chas Mastin
Who are the main actors of Requiem for a Dream	Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Marlon Wayans, Christopher McDonald, Louise Lasser, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Janet Sarno, Suzanne Shepherd, Joanne Gordon, Charlotte Aronofsky, Mark Margolis, Michael Kaycheck, Jack O'Connell, Chas Mastin
actors of Requiem for a Dream?	Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Marlon Wayans, Christopher McDonald, Louise Lasser, Marcia Jean Kurtz, Janet Sarno, Suzanne Shepherd, Joanne Gordon, Charlotte Aronofsky, Mark Margolis, Michael Kaycheck, Jack O'Connell, Chas Mastin
description of Requiem for a Dream	The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.
What is the description of Requiem for a Dream	The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.
description of Requiem for a Dream?	The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.
average of votes of Requiem for a Dream	8.3
What is the average of votes of Requiem for a Dream	8.3
average of votes of Requiem for a Dream?	8.3
number of votes of Requiem for a Dream	748291
What is the number of votes of Requiem for a Dream	748291
number of votes of Requiem for a Dream?	748291
budget of Requiem for a Dream	$ 4500000
What is the budget of Requiem for a Dream	$ 4500000
budget of Requiem for a Dream?	$ 4500000
number of reviews from users of Requiem for a Dream	2130.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Requiem for a Dream	2130.0
number of reviews from users of Requiem for a Dream?	2130.0
number of reviews from critics of Requiem for a Dream	250.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Requiem for a Dream	250.0
number of reviews from critics of Requiem for a Dream?	250.0
title of Toy Story 3	Toy Story 3
What is the title of Toy Story 3	Toy Story 3
title of Toy Story 3?	Toy Story 3
year of Toy Story 3	2010
What is the year of Toy Story 3	2010
year of Toy Story 3?	2010
date of Toy Story 3	2010-07-07
What is the date of Toy Story 3	2010-07-07
date of Toy Story 3?	2010-07-07
genre of Toy Story 3	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
What is the genre of Toy Story 3	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
genre of Toy Story 3?	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
duration of Toy Story 3	103
What is the duration of Toy Story 3	103
duration of Toy Story 3?	103
country of Toy Story 3	USA
What is the country of Toy Story 3	USA
country of Toy Story 3?	USA
language of Toy Story 3	English, Spanish
What is the language of Toy Story 3	English, Spanish
language of Toy Story 3?	English, Spanish
director of Toy Story 3	Lee Unkrich
Who is the director of Toy Story 3	Lee Unkrich
director of Toy Story 3?	Lee Unkrich
writer of Toy Story 3	John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton
Who is the writer of Toy Story 3	John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton
writer of Toy Story 3?	John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton
producer of Toy Story 3	Walt Disney Pictures
Who is the producer of Toy Story 3	Walt Disney Pictures
producer of Toy Story 3?	Walt Disney Pictures
actors of Toy Story 3	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Ned Beatty, Don Rickles, Michael Keaton, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, John Morris, Jodi Benson, Emily Hahn, Laurie Metcalf, Blake Clark, Teddy Newton
Who are the principle actors of Toy Story 3	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Ned Beatty, Don Rickles, Michael Keaton, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, John Morris, Jodi Benson, Emily Hahn, Laurie Metcalf, Blake Clark, Teddy Newton
Who are the actors of Toy Story 3	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Ned Beatty, Don Rickles, Michael Keaton, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, John Morris, Jodi Benson, Emily Hahn, Laurie Metcalf, Blake Clark, Teddy Newton
Who are the main actors of Toy Story 3	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Ned Beatty, Don Rickles, Michael Keaton, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, John Morris, Jodi Benson, Emily Hahn, Laurie Metcalf, Blake Clark, Teddy Newton
actors of Toy Story 3?	Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Joan Cusack, Ned Beatty, Don Rickles, Michael Keaton, Wallace Shawn, John Ratzenberger, Estelle Harris, John Morris, Jodi Benson, Emily Hahn, Laurie Metcalf, Blake Clark, Teddy Newton
description of Toy Story 3	The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home.
What is the description of Toy Story 3	The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home.
description of Toy Story 3?	The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home.
average of votes of Toy Story 3	8.3
What is the average of votes of Toy Story 3	8.3
average of votes of Toy Story 3?	8.3
number of votes of Toy Story 3	739717
What is the number of votes of Toy Story 3	739717
number of votes of Toy Story 3?	739717
budget of Toy Story 3	$ 200000000
What is the budget of Toy Story 3	$ 200000000
budget of Toy Story 3?	$ 200000000
number of reviews from users of Toy Story 3	893.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Toy Story 3	893.0
number of reviews from users of Toy Story 3?	893.0
number of reviews from critics of Toy Story 3	477.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Toy Story 3	477.0
number of reviews from critics of Toy Story 3?	477.0
title of Scarface	Scarface
What is the title of Scarface	Scarface
title of Scarface?	Scarface
year of Scarface	1983
What is the year of Scarface	1983
year of Scarface?	1983
date of Scarface	1984-02-24
What is the date of Scarface	1984-02-24
date of Scarface?	1984-02-24
genre of Scarface	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Scarface	Crime, Drama
genre of Scarface?	Crime, Drama
duration of Scarface	170
What is the duration of Scarface	170
duration of Scarface?	170
country of Scarface	USA
What is the country of Scarface	USA
country of Scarface?	USA
language of Scarface	English, Spanish
What is the language of Scarface	English, Spanish
language of Scarface?	English, Spanish
director of Scarface	Brian De Palma
Who is the director of Scarface	Brian De Palma
director of Scarface?	Brian De Palma
writer of Scarface	Oliver Stone
Who is the writer of Scarface	Oliver Stone
writer of Scarface?	Oliver Stone
producer of Scarface	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of Scarface	Universal Pictures
producer of Scarface?	Universal Pictures
actors of Scarface	Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, Miriam Colon, F. Murray Abraham, Paul Shenar, Harris Yulin, Ángel Salazar, Arnaldo Santana, Pepe Serna, Michael P. Moran, Al Israel, Dennis Holahan
Who are the principle actors of Scarface	Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, Miriam Colon, F. Murray Abraham, Paul Shenar, Harris Yulin, Ángel Salazar, Arnaldo Santana, Pepe Serna, Michael P. Moran, Al Israel, Dennis Holahan
Who are the actors of Scarface	Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, Miriam Colon, F. Murray Abraham, Paul Shenar, Harris Yulin, Ángel Salazar, Arnaldo Santana, Pepe Serna, Michael P. Moran, Al Israel, Dennis Holahan
Who are the main actors of Scarface	Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, Miriam Colon, F. Murray Abraham, Paul Shenar, Harris Yulin, Ángel Salazar, Arnaldo Santana, Pepe Serna, Michael P. Moran, Al Israel, Dennis Holahan
actors of Scarface?	Al Pacino, Steven Bauer, Michelle Pfeiffer, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, Miriam Colon, F. Murray Abraham, Paul Shenar, Harris Yulin, Ángel Salazar, Arnaldo Santana, Pepe Serna, Michael P. Moran, Al Israel, Dennis Holahan
description of Scarface	In 1980 Miami, a determined Cuban immigrant takes over a drug cartel and succumbs to greed.
What is the description of Scarface	In 1980 Miami, a determined Cuban immigrant takes over a drug cartel and succumbs to greed.
description of Scarface?	In 1980 Miami, a determined Cuban immigrant takes over a drug cartel and succumbs to greed.
average of votes of Scarface	8.3
What is the average of votes of Scarface	8.3
average of votes of Scarface?	8.3
number of votes of Scarface	721343
What is the number of votes of Scarface	721343
number of votes of Scarface?	721343
budget of Scarface	$ 25000000
What is the budget of Scarface	$ 25000000
budget of Scarface?	$ 25000000
number of reviews from users of Scarface	1051.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Scarface	1051.0
number of reviews from users of Scarface?	1051.0
number of reviews from critics of Scarface	177.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Scarface	177.0
number of reviews from critics of Scarface?	177.0
title of Taxi Driver	Taxi Driver
What is the title of Taxi Driver	Taxi Driver
title of Taxi Driver?	Taxi Driver
year of Taxi Driver	1976
What is the year of Taxi Driver	1976
year of Taxi Driver?	1976
date of Taxi Driver	1976-09-24
What is the date of Taxi Driver	1976-09-24
date of Taxi Driver?	1976-09-24
genre of Taxi Driver	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Taxi Driver	Crime, Drama
genre of Taxi Driver?	Crime, Drama
duration of Taxi Driver	114
What is the duration of Taxi Driver	114
duration of Taxi Driver?	114
country of Taxi Driver	USA
What is the country of Taxi Driver	USA
country of Taxi Driver?	USA
language of Taxi Driver	English, Spanish
What is the language of Taxi Driver	English, Spanish
language of Taxi Driver?	English, Spanish
director of Taxi Driver	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of Taxi Driver	Martin Scorsese
director of Taxi Driver?	Martin Scorsese
writer of Taxi Driver	Paul Schrader
Who is the writer of Taxi Driver	Paul Schrader
writer of Taxi Driver?	Paul Schrader
producer of Taxi Driver	Columbia Pictures
Who is the producer of Taxi Driver	Columbia Pictures
producer of Taxi Driver?	Columbia Pictures
actors of Taxi Driver	Diahnne Abbott, Frank Adu, Victor Argo, Gino Ardito, Garth Avery, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, Harry Cohn, Copper Cunningham, Robert De Niro, Brenda Dickson, Harry Fischler, Jodie Foster, Nat Grant, Leonard Harris
Who are the principle actors of Taxi Driver	Diahnne Abbott, Frank Adu, Victor Argo, Gino Ardito, Garth Avery, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, Harry Cohn, Copper Cunningham, Robert De Niro, Brenda Dickson, Harry Fischler, Jodie Foster, Nat Grant, Leonard Harris
Who are the actors of Taxi Driver	Diahnne Abbott, Frank Adu, Victor Argo, Gino Ardito, Garth Avery, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, Harry Cohn, Copper Cunningham, Robert De Niro, Brenda Dickson, Harry Fischler, Jodie Foster, Nat Grant, Leonard Harris
Who are the main actors of Taxi Driver	Diahnne Abbott, Frank Adu, Victor Argo, Gino Ardito, Garth Avery, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, Harry Cohn, Copper Cunningham, Robert De Niro, Brenda Dickson, Harry Fischler, Jodie Foster, Nat Grant, Leonard Harris
actors of Taxi Driver?	Diahnne Abbott, Frank Adu, Victor Argo, Gino Ardito, Garth Avery, Peter Boyle, Albert Brooks, Harry Cohn, Copper Cunningham, Robert De Niro, Brenda Dickson, Harry Fischler, Jodie Foster, Nat Grant, Leonard Harris
description of Taxi Driver	A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute.
What is the description of Taxi Driver	A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute.
description of Taxi Driver?	A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute.
average of votes of Taxi Driver	8.3
What is the average of votes of Taxi Driver	8.3
average of votes of Taxi Driver?	8.3
number of votes of Taxi Driver	703264
What is the number of votes of Taxi Driver	703264
number of votes of Taxi Driver?	703264
budget of Taxi Driver	$ 1300000
What is the budget of Taxi Driver	$ 1300000
budget of Taxi Driver?	$ 1300000
number of reviews from users of Taxi Driver	1178.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Taxi Driver	1178.0
number of reviews from users of Taxi Driver?	1178.0
number of reviews from critics of Taxi Driver	289.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Taxi Driver	289.0
number of reviews from critics of Taxi Driver?	289.0
title of Citizen Kane	Citizen Kane
What is the title of Citizen Kane	Citizen Kane
title of Citizen Kane?	Citizen Kane
year of Citizen Kane	1941
What is the year of Citizen Kane	1941
year of Citizen Kane?	1941
date of Citizen Kane	1948-11-25
What is the date of Citizen Kane	1948-11-25
date of Citizen Kane?	1948-11-25
genre of Citizen Kane	Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of Citizen Kane	Drama, Mystery
genre of Citizen Kane?	Drama, Mystery
duration of Citizen Kane	119
What is the duration of Citizen Kane	119
duration of Citizen Kane?	119
country of Citizen Kane	USA
What is the country of Citizen Kane	USA
country of Citizen Kane?	USA
language of Citizen Kane	English, Italian
What is the language of Citizen Kane	English, Italian
language of Citizen Kane?	English, Italian
director of Citizen Kane	Orson Welles
Who is the director of Citizen Kane	Orson Welles
director of Citizen Kane?	Orson Welles
writer of Citizen Kane	Herman J. Mankiewicz, Orson Welles
Who is the writer of Citizen Kane	Herman J. Mankiewicz, Orson Welles
writer of Citizen Kane?	Herman J. Mankiewicz, Orson Welles
producer of Citizen Kane	RKO Radio Pictures
Who is the producer of Citizen Kane	RKO Radio Pictures
producer of Citizen Kane?	RKO Radio Pictures
actors of Citizen Kane	Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Erskine Sanford, Everett Sloane, William Alland, Paul Stewart, George Coulouris, Fortunio Bonanova, Gus Schilling, Philip Van Zandt, Georgia Backus, Harry Shannon
Who are the principle actors of Citizen Kane	Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Erskine Sanford, Everett Sloane, William Alland, Paul Stewart, George Coulouris, Fortunio Bonanova, Gus Schilling, Philip Van Zandt, Georgia Backus, Harry Shannon
Who are the actors of Citizen Kane	Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Erskine Sanford, Everett Sloane, William Alland, Paul Stewart, George Coulouris, Fortunio Bonanova, Gus Schilling, Philip Van Zandt, Georgia Backus, Harry Shannon
Who are the main actors of Citizen Kane	Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Erskine Sanford, Everett Sloane, William Alland, Paul Stewart, George Coulouris, Fortunio Bonanova, Gus Schilling, Philip Van Zandt, Georgia Backus, Harry Shannon
actors of Citizen Kane?	Joseph Cotten, Dorothy Comingore, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Erskine Sanford, Everett Sloane, William Alland, Paul Stewart, George Coulouris, Fortunio Bonanova, Gus Schilling, Philip Van Zandt, Georgia Backus, Harry Shannon
description of Citizen Kane	Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.
What is the description of Citizen Kane	Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.
description of Citizen Kane?	Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.
average of votes of Citizen Kane	8.3
What is the average of votes of Citizen Kane	8.3
average of votes of Citizen Kane?	8.3
number of votes of Citizen Kane	389322
What is the number of votes of Citizen Kane	389322
number of votes of Citizen Kane?	389322
budget of Citizen Kane	$ 839727
What is the budget of Citizen Kane	$ 839727
budget of Citizen Kane?	$ 839727
number of reviews from users of Citizen Kane	1452.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Citizen Kane	1452.0
number of reviews from users of Citizen Kane?	1452.0
number of reviews from critics of Citizen Kane	248.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Citizen Kane	248.0
number of reviews from critics of Citizen Kane?	248.0
title of Vertigo	Vertigo
What is the title of Vertigo	Vertigo
title of Vertigo?	Vertigo
year of Vertigo	1958
What is the year of Vertigo	1958
year of Vertigo?	1958
date of Vertigo	1958-12-18
What is the date of Vertigo	1958-12-18
date of Vertigo?	1958-12-18
genre of Vertigo	Mystery, Romance, Thriller
What is the genre of Vertigo	Mystery, Romance, Thriller
genre of Vertigo?	Mystery, Romance, Thriller
duration of Vertigo	128
What is the duration of Vertigo	128
duration of Vertigo?	128
country of Vertigo	USA
What is the country of Vertigo	USA
country of Vertigo?	USA
language of Vertigo	English
What is the language of Vertigo	English
language of Vertigo?	English
director of Vertigo	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of Vertigo	Alfred Hitchcock
director of Vertigo?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of Vertigo	Alec Coppel, Samuel A. Taylor
Who is the writer of Vertigo	Alec Coppel, Samuel A. Taylor
writer of Vertigo?	Alec Coppel, Samuel A. Taylor
producer of Vertigo	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
Who is the producer of Vertigo	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
producer of Vertigo?	Alfred J. Hitchcock Productions
actors of Vertigo	James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones, Raymond Bailey, Ellen Corby, Konstantin Shayne, Lee Patrick
Who are the principle actors of Vertigo	James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones, Raymond Bailey, Ellen Corby, Konstantin Shayne, Lee Patrick
Who are the actors of Vertigo	James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones, Raymond Bailey, Ellen Corby, Konstantin Shayne, Lee Patrick
Who are the main actors of Vertigo	James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones, Raymond Bailey, Ellen Corby, Konstantin Shayne, Lee Patrick
actors of Vertigo?	James Stewart, Kim Novak, Barbara Bel Geddes, Tom Helmore, Henry Jones, Raymond Bailey, Ellen Corby, Konstantin Shayne, Lee Patrick
description of Vertigo	A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.
What is the description of Vertigo	A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.
description of Vertigo?	A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.
average of votes of Vertigo	8.3
What is the average of votes of Vertigo	8.3
average of votes of Vertigo?	8.3
number of votes of Vertigo	352786
What is the number of votes of Vertigo	352786
number of votes of Vertigo?	352786
budget of Vertigo	$ 2479000
What is the budget of Vertigo	$ 2479000
budget of Vertigo?	$ 2479000
number of reviews from users of Vertigo	860.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Vertigo	860.0
number of reviews from users of Vertigo?	860.0
number of reviews from critics of Vertigo	182.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Vertigo	182.0
number of reviews from critics of Vertigo?	182.0
title of North by Northwest	North by Northwest
What is the title of North by Northwest	North by Northwest
title of North by Northwest?	North by Northwest
year of North by Northwest	1959
What is the year of North by Northwest	1959
year of North by Northwest?	1959
date of North by Northwest	1959-10-28
What is the date of North by Northwest	1959-10-28
date of North by Northwest?	1959-10-28
genre of North by Northwest	Adventure, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of North by Northwest	Adventure, Mystery, Thriller
genre of North by Northwest?	Adventure, Mystery, Thriller
duration of North by Northwest	136
What is the duration of North by Northwest	136
duration of North by Northwest?	136
country of North by Northwest	USA
What is the country of North by Northwest	USA
country of North by Northwest?	USA
language of North by Northwest	English, French
What is the language of North by Northwest	English, French
language of North by Northwest?	English, French
director of North by Northwest	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of North by Northwest	Alfred Hitchcock
director of North by Northwest?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of North by Northwest	Ernest Lehman
Who is the writer of North by Northwest	Ernest Lehman
writer of North by Northwest?	Ernest Lehman
producer of North by Northwest	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of North by Northwest	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of North by Northwest?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of North by Northwest	Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Jessie Royce Landis, Leo G. Carroll, Josephine Hutchinson, Philip Ober, Martin Landau, Adam Williams, Edward Platt, Robert Ellenstein, Les Tremayne, Philip Coolidge, Patrick McVey, Edward Binns
Who are the principle actors of North by Northwest	Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Jessie Royce Landis, Leo G. Carroll, Josephine Hutchinson, Philip Ober, Martin Landau, Adam Williams, Edward Platt, Robert Ellenstein, Les Tremayne, Philip Coolidge, Patrick McVey, Edward Binns
Who are the actors of North by Northwest	Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Jessie Royce Landis, Leo G. Carroll, Josephine Hutchinson, Philip Ober, Martin Landau, Adam Williams, Edward Platt, Robert Ellenstein, Les Tremayne, Philip Coolidge, Patrick McVey, Edward Binns
Who are the main actors of North by Northwest	Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Jessie Royce Landis, Leo G. Carroll, Josephine Hutchinson, Philip Ober, Martin Landau, Adam Williams, Edward Platt, Robert Ellenstein, Les Tremayne, Philip Coolidge, Patrick McVey, Edward Binns
actors of North by Northwest?	Cary Grant, Eva Marie Saint, James Mason, Jessie Royce Landis, Leo G. Carroll, Josephine Hutchinson, Philip Ober, Martin Landau, Adam Williams, Edward Platt, Robert Ellenstein, Les Tremayne, Philip Coolidge, Patrick McVey, Edward Binns
description of North by Northwest	A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.
What is the description of North by Northwest	A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.
description of North by Northwest?	A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.
average of votes of North by Northwest	8.3
What is the average of votes of North by Northwest	8.3
average of votes of North by Northwest?	8.3
number of votes of North by Northwest	291628
What is the number of votes of North by Northwest	291628
number of votes of North by Northwest?	291628
budget of North by Northwest	$ 3101000
What is the budget of North by Northwest	$ 3101000
budget of North by Northwest?	$ 3101000
number of reviews from users of North by Northwest	614.0
What is the number of reviews from users of North by Northwest	614.0
number of reviews from users of North by Northwest?	614.0
number of reviews from critics of North by Northwest	174.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of North by Northwest	174.0
number of reviews from critics of North by Northwest?	174.0
title of The Sting	The Sting
What is the title of The Sting	The Sting
title of The Sting?	The Sting
year of The Sting	1973
What is the year of The Sting	1973
year of The Sting?	1973
date of The Sting	1974-03-21
What is the date of The Sting	1974-03-21
date of The Sting?	1974-03-21
genre of The Sting	Comedy, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of The Sting	Comedy, Crime, Drama
genre of The Sting?	Comedy, Crime, Drama
duration of The Sting	129
What is the duration of The Sting	129
duration of The Sting?	129
country of The Sting	USA
What is the country of The Sting	USA
country of The Sting?	USA
language of The Sting	English
What is the language of The Sting	English
language of The Sting?	English
director of The Sting	George Roy Hill
Who is the director of The Sting	George Roy Hill
director of The Sting?	George Roy Hill
writer of The Sting	David S. Ward
Who is the writer of The Sting	David S. Ward
writer of The Sting?	David S. Ward
producer of The Sting	Zanuck/Brown Productions
Who is the producer of The Sting	Zanuck/Brown Productions
producer of The Sting?	Zanuck/Brown Productions
actors of The Sting	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, Harold Gould, John Heffernan, Dana Elcar, Jack Kehoe, Dimitra Arliss, Robert Earl Jones, James Sloyan, Charles Dierkop, Lee Paul
Who are the principle actors of The Sting	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, Harold Gould, John Heffernan, Dana Elcar, Jack Kehoe, Dimitra Arliss, Robert Earl Jones, James Sloyan, Charles Dierkop, Lee Paul
Who are the actors of The Sting	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, Harold Gould, John Heffernan, Dana Elcar, Jack Kehoe, Dimitra Arliss, Robert Earl Jones, James Sloyan, Charles Dierkop, Lee Paul
Who are the main actors of The Sting	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, Harold Gould, John Heffernan, Dana Elcar, Jack Kehoe, Dimitra Arliss, Robert Earl Jones, James Sloyan, Charles Dierkop, Lee Paul
actors of The Sting?	Paul Newman, Robert Redford, Robert Shaw, Charles Durning, Ray Walston, Eileen Brennan, Harold Gould, John Heffernan, Dana Elcar, Jack Kehoe, Dimitra Arliss, Robert Earl Jones, James Sloyan, Charles Dierkop, Lee Paul
description of The Sting	Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.
What is the description of The Sting	Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.
description of The Sting?	Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.
average of votes of The Sting	8.3
What is the average of votes of The Sting	8.3
average of votes of The Sting?	8.3
number of votes of The Sting	236285
What is the number of votes of The Sting	236285
number of votes of The Sting?	236285
budget of The Sting	$ 5500000
What is the budget of The Sting	$ 5500000
budget of The Sting?	$ 5500000
number of reviews from users of The Sting	315.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Sting	315.0
number of reviews from users of The Sting?	315.0
number of reviews from critics of The Sting	129.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Sting	129.0
number of reviews from critics of The Sting?	129.0
title of Singin' in the Rain	Singin' in the Rain
What is the title of Singin' in the Rain	Singin' in the Rain
title of Singin' in the Rain?	Singin' in the Rain
year of Singin' in the Rain	1952
What is the year of Singin' in the Rain	1952
year of Singin' in the Rain?	1952
date of Singin' in the Rain	1953-02-05
What is the date of Singin' in the Rain	1953-02-05
date of Singin' in the Rain?	1953-02-05
genre of Singin' in the Rain	Comedy, Musical, Romance
What is the genre of Singin' in the Rain	Comedy, Musical, Romance
genre of Singin' in the Rain?	Comedy, Musical, Romance
duration of Singin' in the Rain	103
What is the duration of Singin' in the Rain	103
duration of Singin' in the Rain?	103
country of Singin' in the Rain	USA
What is the country of Singin' in the Rain	USA
country of Singin' in the Rain?	USA
language of Singin' in the Rain	English
What is the language of Singin' in the Rain	English
language of Singin' in the Rain?	English
director of Singin' in the Rain	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
Who is the director of Singin' in the Rain	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
director of Singin' in the Rain?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
writer of Singin' in the Rain	Betty Comden, Adolph Green
Who is the writer of Singin' in the Rain	Betty Comden, Adolph Green
writer of Singin' in the Rain?	Betty Comden, Adolph Green
producer of Singin' in the Rain	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of Singin' in the Rain	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of Singin' in the Rain?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of Singin' in the Rain	Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, Cyd Charisse, Douglas Fowley, Rita Moreno
Who are the principle actors of Singin' in the Rain	Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, Cyd Charisse, Douglas Fowley, Rita Moreno
Who are the actors of Singin' in the Rain	Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, Cyd Charisse, Douglas Fowley, Rita Moreno
Who are the main actors of Singin' in the Rain	Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, Cyd Charisse, Douglas Fowley, Rita Moreno
actors of Singin' in the Rain?	Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor, Debbie Reynolds, Jean Hagen, Millard Mitchell, Cyd Charisse, Douglas Fowley, Rita Moreno
description of Singin' in the Rain	A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
What is the description of Singin' in the Rain	A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
description of Singin' in the Rain?	A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
average of votes of Singin' in the Rain	8.3
What is the average of votes of Singin' in the Rain	8.3
average of votes of Singin' in the Rain?	8.3
number of votes of Singin' in the Rain	213152
What is the number of votes of Singin' in the Rain	213152
number of votes of Singin' in the Rain?	213152
budget of Singin' in the Rain	$ 2540800
What is the budget of Singin' in the Rain	$ 2540800
budget of Singin' in the Rain?	$ 2540800
number of reviews from users of Singin' in the Rain	671.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Singin' in the Rain	671.0
number of reviews from users of Singin' in the Rain?	671.0
number of reviews from critics of Singin' in the Rain	155.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Singin' in the Rain	155.0
number of reviews from critics of Singin' in the Rain?	155.0
title of The Apartment	The Apartment
What is the title of The Apartment	The Apartment
title of The Apartment?	The Apartment
year of The Apartment	1960
What is the year of The Apartment	1960
year of The Apartment?	1960
date of The Apartment	1960-10-06
What is the date of The Apartment	1960-10-06
date of The Apartment?	1960-10-06
genre of The Apartment	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of The Apartment	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of The Apartment?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of The Apartment	125
What is the duration of The Apartment	125
duration of The Apartment?	125
country of The Apartment	USA
What is the country of The Apartment	USA
country of The Apartment?	USA
language of The Apartment	English
What is the language of The Apartment	English
language of The Apartment?	English
director of The Apartment	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of The Apartment	Billy Wilder
director of The Apartment?	Billy Wilder
writer of The Apartment	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
Who is the writer of The Apartment	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
writer of The Apartment?	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
producer of The Apartment	The Mirisch Corporation
Who is the producer of The Apartment	The Mirisch Corporation
producer of The Apartment?	The Mirisch Corporation
actors of The Apartment	Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray Walston, Jack Kruschen, David Lewis, Hope Holiday, Joan Shawlee, Naomi Stevens, Johnny Seven, Joyce Jameson, Willard Waterman, David White, Edie Adams
Who are the principle actors of The Apartment	Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray Walston, Jack Kruschen, David Lewis, Hope Holiday, Joan Shawlee, Naomi Stevens, Johnny Seven, Joyce Jameson, Willard Waterman, David White, Edie Adams
Who are the actors of The Apartment	Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray Walston, Jack Kruschen, David Lewis, Hope Holiday, Joan Shawlee, Naomi Stevens, Johnny Seven, Joyce Jameson, Willard Waterman, David White, Edie Adams
Who are the main actors of The Apartment	Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray Walston, Jack Kruschen, David Lewis, Hope Holiday, Joan Shawlee, Naomi Stevens, Johnny Seven, Joyce Jameson, Willard Waterman, David White, Edie Adams
actors of The Apartment?	Jack Lemmon, Shirley MacLaine, Fred MacMurray, Ray Walston, Jack Kruschen, David Lewis, Hope Holiday, Joan Shawlee, Naomi Stevens, Johnny Seven, Joyce Jameson, Willard Waterman, David White, Edie Adams
description of The Apartment	A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
What is the description of The Apartment	A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
description of The Apartment?	A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
average of votes of The Apartment	8.3
What is the average of votes of The Apartment	8.3
average of votes of The Apartment?	8.3
number of votes of The Apartment	158999
What is the number of votes of The Apartment	158999
number of votes of The Apartment?	158999
budget of The Apartment	$ 3000000
What is the budget of The Apartment	$ 3000000
budget of The Apartment?	$ 3000000
number of reviews from users of The Apartment	337.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Apartment	337.0
number of reviews from users of The Apartment?	337.0
number of reviews from critics of The Apartment	233.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Apartment	233.0
number of reviews from critics of The Apartment?	233.0
title of Ladri di biciclette	Ladri di biciclette
What is the title of Ladri di biciclette	Ladri di biciclette
title of Ladri di biciclette?	Ladri di biciclette
year of Ladri di biciclette	1948
What is the year of Ladri di biciclette	1948
year of Ladri di biciclette?	1948
date of Ladri di biciclette	1948-11-24
What is the date of Ladri di biciclette	1948-11-24
date of Ladri di biciclette?	1948-11-24
genre of Ladri di biciclette	Drama
What is the genre of Ladri di biciclette	Drama
genre of Ladri di biciclette?	Drama
duration of Ladri di biciclette	89
What is the duration of Ladri di biciclette	89
duration of Ladri di biciclette?	89
country of Ladri di biciclette	Italy
What is the country of Ladri di biciclette	Italy
country of Ladri di biciclette?	Italy
language of Ladri di biciclette	Italian, English
What is the language of Ladri di biciclette	Italian, English
language of Ladri di biciclette?	Italian, English
director of Ladri di biciclette	Vittorio De Sica
Who is the director of Ladri di biciclette	Vittorio De Sica
director of Ladri di biciclette?	Vittorio De Sica
writer of Ladri di biciclette	Cesare Zavattini, Luigi Bartolini
Who is the writer of Ladri di biciclette	Cesare Zavattini, Luigi Bartolini
writer of Ladri di biciclette?	Cesare Zavattini, Luigi Bartolini
producer of Ladri di biciclette	Produzioni De Sica (PDS)
Who is the producer of Ladri di biciclette	Produzioni De Sica (PDS)
producer of Ladri di biciclette?	Produzioni De Sica (PDS)
actors of Ladri di biciclette	Lamberto Maggiorani, Enzo Staiola, Lianella Carell, Elena Altieri, Gino Saltamerenda, Giulio Chiari, Vittorio Antonucci, Michele Sakara, Fausto Guerzoni, Emma Druetti, Carlo Jachino
Who are the principle actors of Ladri di biciclette	Lamberto Maggiorani, Enzo Staiola, Lianella Carell, Elena Altieri, Gino Saltamerenda, Giulio Chiari, Vittorio Antonucci, Michele Sakara, Fausto Guerzoni, Emma Druetti, Carlo Jachino
Who are the actors of Ladri di biciclette	Lamberto Maggiorani, Enzo Staiola, Lianella Carell, Elena Altieri, Gino Saltamerenda, Giulio Chiari, Vittorio Antonucci, Michele Sakara, Fausto Guerzoni, Emma Druetti, Carlo Jachino
Who are the main actors of Ladri di biciclette	Lamberto Maggiorani, Enzo Staiola, Lianella Carell, Elena Altieri, Gino Saltamerenda, Giulio Chiari, Vittorio Antonucci, Michele Sakara, Fausto Guerzoni, Emma Druetti, Carlo Jachino
actors of Ladri di biciclette?	Lamberto Maggiorani, Enzo Staiola, Lianella Carell, Elena Altieri, Gino Saltamerenda, Giulio Chiari, Vittorio Antonucci, Michele Sakara, Fausto Guerzoni, Emma Druetti, Carlo Jachino
description of Ladri di biciclette	In post-war Italy, a working-class man's bicycle is stolen. He and his son set out to find it.
What is the description of Ladri di biciclette	In post-war Italy, a working-class man's bicycle is stolen. He and his son set out to find it.
description of Ladri di biciclette?	In post-war Italy, a working-class man's bicycle is stolen. He and his son set out to find it.
average of votes of Ladri di biciclette	8.3
What is the average of votes of Ladri di biciclette	8.3
average of votes of Ladri di biciclette?	8.3
number of votes of Ladri di biciclette	141507
What is the number of votes of Ladri di biciclette	141507
number of votes of Ladri di biciclette?	141507
budget of Ladri di biciclette	$ 133000
What is the budget of Ladri di biciclette	$ 133000
budget of Ladri di biciclette?	$ 133000
number of reviews from users of Ladri di biciclette	309.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Ladri di biciclette	309.0
number of reviews from users of Ladri di biciclette?	309.0
number of reviews from critics of Ladri di biciclette	163.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Ladri di biciclette	163.0
number of reviews from critics of Ladri di biciclette?	163.0
title of Double Indemnity	Double Indemnity
What is the title of Double Indemnity	Double Indemnity
title of Double Indemnity?	Double Indemnity
year of Double Indemnity	1944
What is the year of Double Indemnity	1944
year of Double Indemnity?	1944
date of Double Indemnity	1946-10-12
What is the date of Double Indemnity	1946-10-12
date of Double Indemnity?	1946-10-12
genre of Double Indemnity	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
What is the genre of Double Indemnity	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
genre of Double Indemnity?	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
duration of Double Indemnity	107
What is the duration of Double Indemnity	107
duration of Double Indemnity?	107
country of Double Indemnity	USA
What is the country of Double Indemnity	USA
country of Double Indemnity?	USA
language of Double Indemnity	English
What is the language of Double Indemnity	English
language of Double Indemnity?	English
director of Double Indemnity	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of Double Indemnity	Billy Wilder
director of Double Indemnity?	Billy Wilder
writer of Double Indemnity	Billy Wilder, Raymond Chandler
Who is the writer of Double Indemnity	Billy Wilder, Raymond Chandler
writer of Double Indemnity?	Billy Wilder, Raymond Chandler
producer of Double Indemnity	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Double Indemnity	Paramount Pictures
producer of Double Indemnity?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Double Indemnity	Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Porter Hall, Jean Heather, Tom Powers, Byron Barr, Richard Gaines, Fortunio Bonanova, John Philliber
Who are the principle actors of Double Indemnity	Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Porter Hall, Jean Heather, Tom Powers, Byron Barr, Richard Gaines, Fortunio Bonanova, John Philliber
Who are the actors of Double Indemnity	Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Porter Hall, Jean Heather, Tom Powers, Byron Barr, Richard Gaines, Fortunio Bonanova, John Philliber
Who are the main actors of Double Indemnity	Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Porter Hall, Jean Heather, Tom Powers, Byron Barr, Richard Gaines, Fortunio Bonanova, John Philliber
actors of Double Indemnity?	Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Porter Hall, Jean Heather, Tom Powers, Byron Barr, Richard Gaines, Fortunio Bonanova, John Philliber
description of Double Indemnity	An insurance representative lets himself be talked by a seductive housewife into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.
What is the description of Double Indemnity	An insurance representative lets himself be talked by a seductive housewife into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.
description of Double Indemnity?	An insurance representative lets himself be talked by a seductive housewife into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.
average of votes of Double Indemnity	8.3
What is the average of votes of Double Indemnity	8.3
average of votes of Double Indemnity?	8.3
number of votes of Double Indemnity	139564
What is the number of votes of Double Indemnity	139564
number of votes of Double Indemnity?	139564
budget of Double Indemnity	$ 927262
What is the budget of Double Indemnity	$ 927262
budget of Double Indemnity?	$ 927262
number of reviews from users of Double Indemnity	397.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Double Indemnity	397.0
number of reviews from users of Double Indemnity?	397.0
number of reviews from critics of Double Indemnity	147.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Double Indemnity	147.0
number of reviews from critics of Double Indemnity?	147.0
title of The Kid	The Kid
What is the title of The Kid	The Kid
title of The Kid?	The Kid
year of The Kid	1921
What is the year of The Kid	1921
year of The Kid?	1921
date of The Kid	1923-11-26
What is the date of The Kid	1923-11-26
date of The Kid?	1923-11-26
genre of The Kid	Comedy, Drama, Family
What is the genre of The Kid	Comedy, Drama, Family
genre of The Kid?	Comedy, Drama, Family
duration of The Kid	68
What is the duration of The Kid	68
duration of The Kid?	68
country of The Kid	USA
What is the country of The Kid	USA
country of The Kid?	USA
language of The Kid	English, None
What is the language of The Kid	English, None
language of The Kid?	English, None
director of The Kid	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of The Kid	Charles Chaplin
director of The Kid?	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Kid	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of The Kid	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Kid?	Charles Chaplin
producer of The Kid	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of The Kid	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of The Kid?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of The Kid	Carl Miller, Edna Purviance, Jackie Coogan, Charles Chaplin
Who are the principle actors of The Kid	Carl Miller, Edna Purviance, Jackie Coogan, Charles Chaplin
Who are the actors of The Kid	Carl Miller, Edna Purviance, Jackie Coogan, Charles Chaplin
Who are the main actors of The Kid	Carl Miller, Edna Purviance, Jackie Coogan, Charles Chaplin
actors of The Kid?	Carl Miller, Edna Purviance, Jackie Coogan, Charles Chaplin
description of The Kid	The Tramp cares for an abandoned child, but events put that relationship in jeopardy.
What is the description of The Kid	The Tramp cares for an abandoned child, but events put that relationship in jeopardy.
description of The Kid?	The Tramp cares for an abandoned child, but events put that relationship in jeopardy.
average of votes of The Kid	8.3
What is the average of votes of The Kid	8.3
average of votes of The Kid?	8.3
number of votes of The Kid	109038
What is the number of votes of The Kid	109038
number of votes of The Kid?	109038
budget of The Kid	$ 250000
What is the budget of The Kid	$ 250000
budget of The Kid?	$ 250000
number of reviews from users of The Kid	173.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Kid	173.0
number of reviews from users of The Kid?	173.0
number of reviews from critics of The Kid	105.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Kid	105.0
number of reviews from critics of The Kid?	105.0
title of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut
What is the title of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut
title of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut
year of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	1956
What is the year of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	1956
year of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	1956
date of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	1958-11-27
What is the date of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	1958-11-27
date of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	1958-11-27
genre of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Drama
What is the genre of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Drama
genre of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	Drama
duration of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	101
What is the duration of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	101
duration of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	101
country of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	France
What is the country of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	France
country of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	France
language of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	French, German
What is the language of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	French, German
language of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	French, German
director of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Robert Bresson
Who is the director of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Robert Bresson
director of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	Robert Bresson
writer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	André Devigny, Robert Bresson
Who is the writer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	André Devigny, Robert Bresson
writer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	André Devigny, Robert Bresson
producer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Gaumont
Who is the producer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	Gaumont
producer of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	Gaumont
actors of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	François Leterrier, Charles Le Clainche, Maurice Beerblock, Roland Monod, Jacques Ertaud, Jean Paul Delhumeau, Roger Treherne, Jean Philippe Delamarre, Jacques Oerlemans, Klaus Detlef Grevenhorst, Leonhard Schmidt, Roger Planchon
Who are the principle actors of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	François Leterrier, Charles Le Clainche, Maurice Beerblock, Roland Monod, Jacques Ertaud, Jean Paul Delhumeau, Roger Treherne, Jean Philippe Delamarre, Jacques Oerlemans, Klaus Detlef Grevenhorst, Leonhard Schmidt, Roger Planchon
Who are the actors of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	François Leterrier, Charles Le Clainche, Maurice Beerblock, Roland Monod, Jacques Ertaud, Jean Paul Delhumeau, Roger Treherne, Jean Philippe Delamarre, Jacques Oerlemans, Klaus Detlef Grevenhorst, Leonhard Schmidt, Roger Planchon
Who are the main actors of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	François Leterrier, Charles Le Clainche, Maurice Beerblock, Roland Monod, Jacques Ertaud, Jean Paul Delhumeau, Roger Treherne, Jean Philippe Delamarre, Jacques Oerlemans, Klaus Detlef Grevenhorst, Leonhard Schmidt, Roger Planchon
actors of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	François Leterrier, Charles Le Clainche, Maurice Beerblock, Roland Monod, Jacques Ertaud, Jean Paul Delhumeau, Roger Treherne, Jean Philippe Delamarre, Jacques Oerlemans, Klaus Detlef Grevenhorst, Leonhard Schmidt, Roger Planchon
description of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	A captured French Resistance fighter during WWII engineers a daunting escape from a Nazi prison in France.
What is the description of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	A captured French Resistance fighter during WWII engineers a daunting escape from a Nazi prison in France.
description of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	A captured French Resistance fighter during WWII engineers a daunting escape from a Nazi prison in France.
average of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	8.3
What is the average of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	8.3
average of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	8.3
number of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	18362
What is the number of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	18362
number of votes of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	18362
budget of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	nan
What is the budget of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	nan
budget of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	nan
number of reviews from users of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	73.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	73.0
number of reviews from users of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	73.0
number of reviews from critics of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	105.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut	105.0
number of reviews from critics of Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut?	105.0
title of It's Such a Beautiful Day	It's Such a Beautiful Day
What is the title of It's Such a Beautiful Day	It's Such a Beautiful Day
title of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	It's Such a Beautiful Day
year of It's Such a Beautiful Day	2012
What is the year of It's Such a Beautiful Day	2012
year of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	2012
date of It's Such a Beautiful Day	2016-05-21
What is the date of It's Such a Beautiful Day	2016-05-21
date of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	2016-05-21
genre of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Animation, Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Animation, Comedy, Drama
genre of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	Animation, Comedy, Drama
duration of It's Such a Beautiful Day	62
What is the duration of It's Such a Beautiful Day	62
duration of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	62
country of It's Such a Beautiful Day	USA
What is the country of It's Such a Beautiful Day	USA
country of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	USA
language of It's Such a Beautiful Day	English
What is the language of It's Such a Beautiful Day	English
language of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	English
director of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Don Hertzfeldt
Who is the director of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Don Hertzfeldt
director of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	Don Hertzfeldt
writer of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
Who is the writer of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
writer of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	nan
producer of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Bitter Films
Who is the producer of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Bitter Films
producer of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	Bitter Films
actors of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
Who are the principle actors of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
Who are the actors of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
Who are the main actors of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
actors of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	nan
description of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this new feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy.
What is the description of It's Such a Beautiful Day	Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this new feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy.
description of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this new feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy.
average of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day	8.3
What is the average of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day	8.3
average of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	8.3
number of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day	10514
What is the number of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day	10514
number of votes of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	10514
budget of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
What is the budget of It's Such a Beautiful Day	nan
budget of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	nan
number of reviews from users of It's Such a Beautiful Day	52.0
What is the number of reviews from users of It's Such a Beautiful Day	52.0
number of reviews from users of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	52.0
number of reviews from critics of It's Such a Beautiful Day	25.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of It's Such a Beautiful Day	25.0
number of reviews from critics of It's Such a Beautiful Day?	25.0
title of Il sorpasso	Il sorpasso
What is the title of Il sorpasso	Il sorpasso
title of Il sorpasso?	Il sorpasso
year of Il sorpasso	1962
What is the year of Il sorpasso	1962
year of Il sorpasso?	1962
date of Il sorpasso	1963-06-20
What is the date of Il sorpasso	1963-06-20
date of Il sorpasso?	1963-06-20
genre of Il sorpasso	Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of Il sorpasso	Comedy, Drama
genre of Il sorpasso?	Comedy, Drama
duration of Il sorpasso	105
What is the duration of Il sorpasso	105
duration of Il sorpasso?	105
country of Il sorpasso	Italy
What is the country of Il sorpasso	Italy
country of Il sorpasso?	Italy
language of Il sorpasso	Italian, Latin, German, English, Arabic
What is the language of Il sorpasso	Italian, Latin, German, English, Arabic
language of Il sorpasso?	Italian, Latin, German, English, Arabic
director of Il sorpasso	Dino Risi
Who is the director of Il sorpasso	Dino Risi
director of Il sorpasso?	Dino Risi
writer of Il sorpasso	Dino Risi, Ettore Scola
Who is the writer of Il sorpasso	Dino Risi, Ettore Scola
writer of Il sorpasso?	Dino Risi, Ettore Scola
producer of Il sorpasso	Incei Film
Who is the producer of Il sorpasso	Incei Film
producer of Il sorpasso?	Incei Film
actors of Il sorpasso	Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Catherine Spaak, Claudio Gora, Luciana Angiolillo, Linda Sini, Franca Polesello, Bruna Simionato, Lilly Darelli, Mila Stanic, Nando Angelini, Edda Ferronao, John Francis Lane, Luigi Zerbinati, Annette Stroyberg
Who are the principle actors of Il sorpasso	Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Catherine Spaak, Claudio Gora, Luciana Angiolillo, Linda Sini, Franca Polesello, Bruna Simionato, Lilly Darelli, Mila Stanic, Nando Angelini, Edda Ferronao, John Francis Lane, Luigi Zerbinati, Annette Stroyberg
Who are the actors of Il sorpasso	Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Catherine Spaak, Claudio Gora, Luciana Angiolillo, Linda Sini, Franca Polesello, Bruna Simionato, Lilly Darelli, Mila Stanic, Nando Angelini, Edda Ferronao, John Francis Lane, Luigi Zerbinati, Annette Stroyberg
Who are the main actors of Il sorpasso	Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Catherine Spaak, Claudio Gora, Luciana Angiolillo, Linda Sini, Franca Polesello, Bruna Simionato, Lilly Darelli, Mila Stanic, Nando Angelini, Edda Ferronao, John Francis Lane, Luigi Zerbinati, Annette Stroyberg
actors of Il sorpasso?	Vittorio Gassman, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Catherine Spaak, Claudio Gora, Luciana Angiolillo, Linda Sini, Franca Polesello, Bruna Simionato, Lilly Darelli, Mila Stanic, Nando Angelini, Edda Ferronao, John Francis Lane, Luigi Zerbinati, Annette Stroyberg
description of Il sorpasso	An impulsive braggart takes a shy law student for a two-day ride through the Roman and Tuscany countries.
What is the description of Il sorpasso	An impulsive braggart takes a shy law student for a two-day ride through the Roman and Tuscany countries.
description of Il sorpasso?	An impulsive braggart takes a shy law student for a two-day ride through the Roman and Tuscany countries.
average of votes of Il sorpasso	8.3
What is the average of votes of Il sorpasso	8.3
average of votes of Il sorpasso?	8.3
number of votes of Il sorpasso	8790
What is the number of votes of Il sorpasso	8790
number of votes of Il sorpasso?	8790
budget of Il sorpasso	nan
What is the budget of Il sorpasso	nan
budget of Il sorpasso?	nan
number of reviews from users of Il sorpasso	36.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Il sorpasso	36.0
number of reviews from users of Il sorpasso?	36.0
number of reviews from critics of Il sorpasso	30.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Il sorpasso	30.0
number of reviews from critics of Il sorpasso?	30.0
title of Bad Hero	Bad Hero
What is the title of Bad Hero	Bad Hero
title of Bad Hero?	Bad Hero
year of Bad Hero	2010
What is the year of Bad Hero	2010
year of Bad Hero?	2010
date of Bad Hero	2011
What is the date of Bad Hero	2011
date of Bad Hero?	2011
genre of Bad Hero	Comedy, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Bad Hero	Comedy, Crime, Drama
genre of Bad Hero?	Comedy, Crime, Drama
duration of Bad Hero	73
What is the duration of Bad Hero	73
duration of Bad Hero?	73
country of Bad Hero	USA
What is the country of Bad Hero	USA
country of Bad Hero?	USA
language of Bad Hero	English
What is the language of Bad Hero	English
language of Bad Hero?	English
director of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Falk Schultz
Who is the director of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Falk Schultz
director of Bad Hero?	Matt Zemlin, Falk Schultz
writer of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin
Who is the writer of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin
writer of Bad Hero?	Matt Zemlin
producer of Bad Hero	Solomon Pictures
Who is the producer of Bad Hero	Solomon Pictures
producer of Bad Hero?	Solomon Pictures
actors of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Hubertus Geller, Yanik Zitzmann, Nina Fischer, Delia Gyger, Morad Azzaaoui, Manuel Mairhofer, Gabriel Barretto, Amadeus Barretto, Tyron Watzinger, Ben Blaskovic, Markus Meisinger, Nadja Krueger, Julia Hoffmann
Who are the principle actors of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Hubertus Geller, Yanik Zitzmann, Nina Fischer, Delia Gyger, Morad Azzaaoui, Manuel Mairhofer, Gabriel Barretto, Amadeus Barretto, Tyron Watzinger, Ben Blaskovic, Markus Meisinger, Nadja Krueger, Julia Hoffmann
Who are the actors of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Hubertus Geller, Yanik Zitzmann, Nina Fischer, Delia Gyger, Morad Azzaaoui, Manuel Mairhofer, Gabriel Barretto, Amadeus Barretto, Tyron Watzinger, Ben Blaskovic, Markus Meisinger, Nadja Krueger, Julia Hoffmann
Who are the main actors of Bad Hero	Matt Zemlin, Hubertus Geller, Yanik Zitzmann, Nina Fischer, Delia Gyger, Morad Azzaaoui, Manuel Mairhofer, Gabriel Barretto, Amadeus Barretto, Tyron Watzinger, Ben Blaskovic, Markus Meisinger, Nadja Krueger, Julia Hoffmann
actors of Bad Hero?	Matt Zemlin, Hubertus Geller, Yanik Zitzmann, Nina Fischer, Delia Gyger, Morad Azzaaoui, Manuel Mairhofer, Gabriel Barretto, Amadeus Barretto, Tyron Watzinger, Ben Blaskovic, Markus Meisinger, Nadja Krueger, Julia Hoffmann
description of Bad Hero	Jason known as the boss of the drug dealer's playground catches a man kidnapping TV star Linda Murphy.
What is the description of Bad Hero	Jason known as the boss of the drug dealer's playground catches a man kidnapping TV star Linda Murphy.
description of Bad Hero?	Jason known as the boss of the drug dealer's playground catches a man kidnapping TV star Linda Murphy.
average of votes of Bad Hero	8.3
What is the average of votes of Bad Hero	8.3
average of votes of Bad Hero?	8.3
number of votes of Bad Hero	1161
What is the number of votes of Bad Hero	1161
number of votes of Bad Hero?	1161
budget of Bad Hero	$ 10000
What is the budget of Bad Hero	$ 10000
budget of Bad Hero?	$ 10000
number of reviews from users of Bad Hero	3.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Bad Hero	3.0
number of reviews from users of Bad Hero?	3.0
number of reviews from critics of Bad Hero	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Bad Hero	nan
number of reviews from critics of Bad Hero?	nan
title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2
What is the title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2
title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2
year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	1998
What is the year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	1998
year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	1998
date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	1998-08-25
What is the date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	1998-08-25
date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	1998-08-25
genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Animation, Action, Adventure
What is the genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Animation, Action, Adventure
genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	Animation, Action, Adventure
duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	146
What is the duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	146
duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	146
country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	USA
What is the country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	USA
country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	USA
language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	English
What is the language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	English
language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	English
director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
Who is the director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	nan
writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
Who is the writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	nan
producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Image Comics
Who is the producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Image Comics
producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	Image Comics
actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the principle actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the main actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Spawn - having become plagued by nightmares - discovers that his former Special Forces partner, Chapel, was the one who murdered him. Their paths inevitably cross when Chapel attempts to steal military weapons for Jason Wynn.
What is the description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	Spawn - having become plagued by nightmares - discovers that his former Special Forces partner, Chapel, was the one who murdered him. Their paths inevitably cross when Chapel attempts to steal military weapons for Jason Wynn.
description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	Spawn - having become plagued by nightmares - discovers that his former Special Forces partner, Chapel, was the one who murdered him. Their paths inevitably cross when Chapel attempts to steal military weapons for Jason Wynn.
average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	8.3
What is the average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	8.3
average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	8.3
number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	795
What is the number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	795
number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	795
budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
What is the budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	nan
number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2	nan
number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 2?	nan
title of My Friend, Tucker	My Friend, Tucker
What is the title of My Friend, Tucker	My Friend, Tucker
title of My Friend, Tucker?	My Friend, Tucker
year of My Friend, Tucker	2019
What is the year of My Friend, Tucker	2019
year of My Friend, Tucker?	2019
date of My Friend, Tucker	2019-06-03
What is the date of My Friend, Tucker	2019-06-03
date of My Friend, Tucker?	2019-06-03
genre of My Friend, Tucker	Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of My Friend, Tucker	Comedy, Drama
genre of My Friend, Tucker?	Comedy, Drama
duration of My Friend, Tucker	76
What is the duration of My Friend, Tucker	76
duration of My Friend, Tucker?	76
country of My Friend, Tucker	USA
What is the country of My Friend, Tucker	USA
country of My Friend, Tucker?	USA
language of My Friend, Tucker	English
What is the language of My Friend, Tucker	English
language of My Friend, Tucker?	English
director of My Friend, Tucker	Clarence Williams IV
Who is the director of My Friend, Tucker	Clarence Williams IV
director of My Friend, Tucker?	Clarence Williams IV
writer of My Friend, Tucker	Clarence Williams IV
Who is the writer of My Friend, Tucker	Clarence Williams IV
writer of My Friend, Tucker?	Clarence Williams IV
producer of My Friend, Tucker	Williams 4 Productions
Who is the producer of My Friend, Tucker	Williams 4 Productions
producer of My Friend, Tucker?	Williams 4 Productions
actors of My Friend, Tucker	Avery Anthony, Mitchell Edwards
Who are the principle actors of My Friend, Tucker	Avery Anthony, Mitchell Edwards
Who are the actors of My Friend, Tucker	Avery Anthony, Mitchell Edwards
Who are the main actors of My Friend, Tucker	Avery Anthony, Mitchell Edwards
actors of My Friend, Tucker?	Avery Anthony, Mitchell Edwards
description of My Friend, Tucker	A troubled young man named Hamilton returns home for the first time in years since leaving for college and reconnects with his childhood best friend, Tucker. The two reflect on life, love, adulthood, and the ups and downs of childhood.
What is the description of My Friend, Tucker	A troubled young man named Hamilton returns home for the first time in years since leaving for college and reconnects with his childhood best friend, Tucker. The two reflect on life, love, adulthood, and the ups and downs of childhood.
description of My Friend, Tucker?	A troubled young man named Hamilton returns home for the first time in years since leaving for college and reconnects with his childhood best friend, Tucker. The two reflect on life, love, adulthood, and the ups and downs of childhood.
average of votes of My Friend, Tucker	8.3
What is the average of votes of My Friend, Tucker	8.3
average of votes of My Friend, Tucker?	8.3
number of votes of My Friend, Tucker	143
What is the number of votes of My Friend, Tucker	143
number of votes of My Friend, Tucker?	143
budget of My Friend, Tucker	nan
What is the budget of My Friend, Tucker	nan
budget of My Friend, Tucker?	nan
number of reviews from users of My Friend, Tucker	5.0
What is the number of reviews from users of My Friend, Tucker	5.0
number of reviews from users of My Friend, Tucker?	5.0
number of reviews from critics of My Friend, Tucker	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of My Friend, Tucker	nan
number of reviews from critics of My Friend, Tucker?	nan
title of Poeta	Poeta
What is the title of Poeta	Poeta
title of Poeta?	Poeta
year of Poeta	2019
What is the year of Poeta	2019
year of Poeta?	2019
date of Poeta	2019-09-01
What is the date of Poeta	2019-09-01
date of Poeta?	2019-09-01
genre of Poeta	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Poeta	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of Poeta?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of Poeta	67
What is the duration of Poeta	67
duration of Poeta?	67
country of Poeta	USA
What is the country of Poeta	USA
country of Poeta?	USA
language of Poeta	English
What is the language of Poeta	English
language of Poeta?	English
director of Poeta	Jeral Clyde II
Who is the director of Poeta	Jeral Clyde II
director of Poeta?	Jeral Clyde II
writer of Poeta	Jeral Clyde II, Elizabeth Clyde
Who is the writer of Poeta	Jeral Clyde II, Elizabeth Clyde
writer of Poeta?	Jeral Clyde II, Elizabeth Clyde
producer of Poeta	Clyde Vision Films
Who is the producer of Poeta	Clyde Vision Films
producer of Poeta?	Clyde Vision Films
actors of Poeta	Lauren Amelia Arouni, Jabari Hollis, Deanna Thompson, Martin Pierre, Nyisha Bell, Aliyah Musa, Ryan J. Lewis, Jarrett Glover, Ebony Jodee, Aurora Hardin, Jeral Clyde II, Mark Bolo Harris, David Jones, Donnell Dixon, Wilson Azer
Who are the principle actors of Poeta	Lauren Amelia Arouni, Jabari Hollis, Deanna Thompson, Martin Pierre, Nyisha Bell, Aliyah Musa, Ryan J. Lewis, Jarrett Glover, Ebony Jodee, Aurora Hardin, Jeral Clyde II, Mark Bolo Harris, David Jones, Donnell Dixon, Wilson Azer
Who are the actors of Poeta	Lauren Amelia Arouni, Jabari Hollis, Deanna Thompson, Martin Pierre, Nyisha Bell, Aliyah Musa, Ryan J. Lewis, Jarrett Glover, Ebony Jodee, Aurora Hardin, Jeral Clyde II, Mark Bolo Harris, David Jones, Donnell Dixon, Wilson Azer
Who are the main actors of Poeta	Lauren Amelia Arouni, Jabari Hollis, Deanna Thompson, Martin Pierre, Nyisha Bell, Aliyah Musa, Ryan J. Lewis, Jarrett Glover, Ebony Jodee, Aurora Hardin, Jeral Clyde II, Mark Bolo Harris, David Jones, Donnell Dixon, Wilson Azer
actors of Poeta?	Lauren Amelia Arouni, Jabari Hollis, Deanna Thompson, Martin Pierre, Nyisha Bell, Aliyah Musa, Ryan J. Lewis, Jarrett Glover, Ebony Jodee, Aurora Hardin, Jeral Clyde II, Mark Bolo Harris, David Jones, Donnell Dixon, Wilson Azer
description of Poeta	A barista that's given up on love serendipitously meets a poet with a past he wishes he could forget.
What is the description of Poeta	A barista that's given up on love serendipitously meets a poet with a past he wishes he could forget.
description of Poeta?	A barista that's given up on love serendipitously meets a poet with a past he wishes he could forget.
average of votes of Poeta	8.3
What is the average of votes of Poeta	8.3
average of votes of Poeta?	8.3
number of votes of Poeta	125
What is the number of votes of Poeta	125
number of votes of Poeta?	125
budget of Poeta	nan
What is the budget of Poeta	nan
budget of Poeta?	nan
number of reviews from users of Poeta	1.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Poeta	1.0
number of reviews from users of Poeta?	1.0
number of reviews from critics of Poeta	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Poeta	nan
number of reviews from critics of Poeta?	nan
title of Child, Come Back Home	Child, Come Back Home
What is the title of Child, Come Back Home	Child, Come Back Home
title of Child, Come Back Home?	Child, Come Back Home
year of Child, Come Back Home	2017
What is the year of Child, Come Back Home	2017
year of Child, Come Back Home?	2017
date of Child, Come Back Home	2017-10-05
What is the date of Child, Come Back Home	2017-10-05
date of Child, Come Back Home?	2017-10-05
genre of Child, Come Back Home	Drama, Family
What is the genre of Child, Come Back Home	Drama, Family
genre of Child, Come Back Home?	Drama, Family
duration of Child, Come Back Home	121
What is the duration of Child, Come Back Home	121
duration of Child, Come Back Home?	121
country of Child, Come Back Home	France
What is the country of Child, Come Back Home	France
country of Child, Come Back Home?	France
language of Child, Come Back Home	nan
What is the language of Child, Come Back Home	nan
language of Child, Come Back Home?	nan
director of Child, Come Back Home	Yi Zheng, Cag Iglesia de Dios Todopoderoso
Who is the director of Child, Come Back Home	Yi Zheng, Cag Iglesia de Dios Todopoderoso
director of Child, Come Back Home?	Yi Zheng, Cag Iglesia de Dios Todopoderoso
writer of Child, Come Back Home	Yi He, Xin Tong
Who is the writer of Child, Come Back Home	Yi He, Xin Tong
writer of Child, Come Back Home?	Yi He, Xin Tong
producer of Child, Come Back Home	nan
Who is the producer of Child, Come Back Home	nan
producer of Child, Come Back Home?	nan
actors of Child, Come Back Home	Qian Chen, Jun Cao, Liang Zhao, Qihang Wang, Chun Li, Yan Pan, Chenzhuo Liu, Nana Yu, Youxin Liu, Jianchi Sun, Zhi Liang, Yue Li, Fang Zhang, Xiaojing Zhu, Chongsheng Wang
Who are the principle actors of Child, Come Back Home	Qian Chen, Jun Cao, Liang Zhao, Qihang Wang, Chun Li, Yan Pan, Chenzhuo Liu, Nana Yu, Youxin Liu, Jianchi Sun, Zhi Liang, Yue Li, Fang Zhang, Xiaojing Zhu, Chongsheng Wang
Who are the actors of Child, Come Back Home	Qian Chen, Jun Cao, Liang Zhao, Qihang Wang, Chun Li, Yan Pan, Chenzhuo Liu, Nana Yu, Youxin Liu, Jianchi Sun, Zhi Liang, Yue Li, Fang Zhang, Xiaojing Zhu, Chongsheng Wang
Who are the main actors of Child, Come Back Home	Qian Chen, Jun Cao, Liang Zhao, Qihang Wang, Chun Li, Yan Pan, Chenzhuo Liu, Nana Yu, Youxin Liu, Jianchi Sun, Zhi Liang, Yue Li, Fang Zhang, Xiaojing Zhu, Chongsheng Wang
actors of Child, Come Back Home?	Qian Chen, Jun Cao, Liang Zhao, Qihang Wang, Chun Li, Yan Pan, Chenzhuo Liu, Nana Yu, Youxin Liu, Jianchi Sun, Zhi Liang, Yue Li, Fang Zhang, Xiaojing Zhu, Chongsheng Wang
description of Child, Come Back Home	Li Xinguang is a senior high school student. He had been a sensible and well-behaved boy since he was little. His parents and his teachers were very fond of him. While going to middle ...
What is the description of Child, Come Back Home	Li Xinguang is a senior high school student. He had been a sensible and well-behaved boy since he was little. His parents and his teachers were very fond of him. While going to middle ...
description of Child, Come Back Home?	Li Xinguang is a senior high school student. He had been a sensible and well-behaved boy since he was little. His parents and his teachers were very fond of him. While going to middle ...
average of votes of Child, Come Back Home	8.3
What is the average of votes of Child, Come Back Home	8.3
average of votes of Child, Come Back Home?	8.3
number of votes of Child, Come Back Home	108
What is the number of votes of Child, Come Back Home	108
number of votes of Child, Come Back Home?	108
budget of Child, Come Back Home	nan
What is the budget of Child, Come Back Home	nan
budget of Child, Come Back Home?	nan
number of reviews from users of Child, Come Back Home	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Child, Come Back Home	nan
number of reviews from users of Child, Come Back Home?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Child, Come Back Home	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Child, Come Back Home	nan
number of reviews from critics of Child, Come Back Home?	nan
title of The Wolf of Wall Street	The Wolf of Wall Street
What is the title of The Wolf of Wall Street	The Wolf of Wall Street
title of The Wolf of Wall Street?	The Wolf of Wall Street
year of The Wolf of Wall Street	2013
What is the year of The Wolf of Wall Street	2013
year of The Wolf of Wall Street?	2013
date of The Wolf of Wall Street	2014-01-23
What is the date of The Wolf of Wall Street	2014-01-23
date of The Wolf of Wall Street?	2014-01-23
genre of The Wolf of Wall Street	Biography, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of The Wolf of Wall Street	Biography, Crime, Drama
genre of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Biography, Crime, Drama
duration of The Wolf of Wall Street	180
What is the duration of The Wolf of Wall Street	180
duration of The Wolf of Wall Street?	180
country of The Wolf of Wall Street	USA
What is the country of The Wolf of Wall Street	USA
country of The Wolf of Wall Street?	USA
language of The Wolf of Wall Street	English, French
What is the language of The Wolf of Wall Street	English, French
language of The Wolf of Wall Street?	English, French
director of The Wolf of Wall Street	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of The Wolf of Wall Street	Martin Scorsese
director of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Martin Scorsese
writer of The Wolf of Wall Street	Terence Winter, Jordan Belfort
Who is the writer of The Wolf of Wall Street	Terence Winter, Jordan Belfort
writer of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Terence Winter, Jordan Belfort
producer of The Wolf of Wall Street	Red Granite Pictures
Who is the producer of The Wolf of Wall Street	Red Granite Pictures
producer of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Red Granite Pictures
actors of The Wolf of Wall Street	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin, Joanna Lumley, Cristin Milioti, Christine Ebersole, Shea Whigham, Katarina Cas, P.J. Byrne
Who are the principle actors of The Wolf of Wall Street	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin, Joanna Lumley, Cristin Milioti, Christine Ebersole, Shea Whigham, Katarina Cas, P.J. Byrne
Who are the actors of The Wolf of Wall Street	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin, Joanna Lumley, Cristin Milioti, Christine Ebersole, Shea Whigham, Katarina Cas, P.J. Byrne
Who are the main actors of The Wolf of Wall Street	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin, Joanna Lumley, Cristin Milioti, Christine Ebersole, Shea Whigham, Katarina Cas, P.J. Byrne
actors of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau, Jean Dujardin, Joanna Lumley, Cristin Milioti, Christine Ebersole, Shea Whigham, Katarina Cas, P.J. Byrne
description of The Wolf of Wall Street	Based on the true story of
What is the description of The Wolf of Wall Street	Based on the true story of
description of The Wolf of Wall Street?	Based on the true story of
average of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street	8.2
average of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street?	8.2
number of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street	1141549
What is the number of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street	1141549
number of votes of The Wolf of Wall Street?	1141549
budget of The Wolf of Wall Street	$ 100000000
What is the budget of The Wolf of Wall Street	$ 100000000
budget of The Wolf of Wall Street?	$ 100000000
number of reviews from users of The Wolf of Wall Street	1466.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Wolf of Wall Street	1466.0
number of reviews from users of The Wolf of Wall Street?	1466.0
number of reviews from critics of The Wolf of Wall Street	645.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Wolf of Wall Street	645.0
number of reviews from critics of The Wolf of Wall Street?	645.0
title of Shutter Island	Shutter Island
What is the title of Shutter Island	Shutter Island
title of Shutter Island?	Shutter Island
year of Shutter Island	2010
What is the year of Shutter Island	2010
year of Shutter Island?	2010
date of Shutter Island	2010-03-05
What is the date of Shutter Island	2010-03-05
date of Shutter Island?	2010-03-05
genre of Shutter Island	Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Shutter Island	Mystery, Thriller
genre of Shutter Island?	Mystery, Thriller
duration of Shutter Island	138
What is the duration of Shutter Island	138
duration of Shutter Island?	138
country of Shutter Island	USA
What is the country of Shutter Island	USA
country of Shutter Island?	USA
language of Shutter Island	English, German
What is the language of Shutter Island	English, German
language of Shutter Island?	English, German
director of Shutter Island	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of Shutter Island	Martin Scorsese
director of Shutter Island?	Martin Scorsese
writer of Shutter Island	Laeta Kalogridis, Dennis Lehane
Who is the writer of Shutter Island	Laeta Kalogridis, Dennis Lehane
writer of Shutter Island?	Laeta Kalogridis, Dennis Lehane
producer of Shutter Island	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Shutter Island	Paramount Pictures
producer of Shutter Island?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Shutter Island	Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas, Robin Bartlett, Christopher Denham, Nellie Sciutto, Joseph Sikora
Who are the principle actors of Shutter Island	Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas, Robin Bartlett, Christopher Denham, Nellie Sciutto, Joseph Sikora
Who are the actors of Shutter Island	Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas, Robin Bartlett, Christopher Denham, Nellie Sciutto, Joseph Sikora
Who are the main actors of Shutter Island	Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas, Robin Bartlett, Christopher Denham, Nellie Sciutto, Joseph Sikora
actors of Shutter Island?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo, Ben Kingsley, Max von Sydow, Michelle Williams, Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, Ted Levine, John Carroll Lynch, Elias Koteas, Robin Bartlett, Christopher Denham, Nellie Sciutto, Joseph Sikora
description of Shutter Island	In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.
What is the description of Shutter Island	In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.
description of Shutter Island?	In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.
average of votes of Shutter Island	8.2
What is the average of votes of Shutter Island	8.2
average of votes of Shutter Island?	8.2
number of votes of Shutter Island	1096024
What is the number of votes of Shutter Island	1096024
number of votes of Shutter Island?	1096024
budget of Shutter Island	$ 80000000
What is the budget of Shutter Island	$ 80000000
budget of Shutter Island?	$ 80000000
number of reviews from users of Shutter Island	1286.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Shutter Island	1286.0
number of reviews from users of Shutter Island?	1286.0
number of reviews from critics of Shutter Island	523.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Shutter Island	523.0
number of reviews from critics of Shutter Island?	523.0
title of Up	Up
What is the title of Up	Up
title of Up?	Up
year of Up	2009
What is the year of Up	2009
year of Up?	2009
date of Up	2009-10-15
What is the date of Up	2009-10-15
date of Up?	2009-10-15
genre of Up	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
What is the genre of Up	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
genre of Up?	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
duration of Up	96
What is the duration of Up	96
duration of Up?	96
country of Up	USA
What is the country of Up	USA
country of Up?	USA
language of Up	English
What is the language of Up	English
language of Up?	English
director of Up	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
Who is the director of Up	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
director of Up?	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
writer of Up	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
Who is the writer of Up	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
writer of Up?	Pete Docter, Bob Peterson
producer of Up	Pixar Animation Studios
Who is the producer of Up	Pixar Animation Studios
producer of Up?	Pixar Animation Studios
actors of Up	Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo, Jerome Ranft, John Ratzenberger, David Kaye, Elie Docter, Jeremy Leary, Mickie McGowan, Danny Mann, Donald Fullilove, Jess Harnell, Josh Cooley
Who are the principle actors of Up	Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo, Jerome Ranft, John Ratzenberger, David Kaye, Elie Docter, Jeremy Leary, Mickie McGowan, Danny Mann, Donald Fullilove, Jess Harnell, Josh Cooley
Who are the actors of Up	Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo, Jerome Ranft, John Ratzenberger, David Kaye, Elie Docter, Jeremy Leary, Mickie McGowan, Danny Mann, Donald Fullilove, Jess Harnell, Josh Cooley
Who are the main actors of Up	Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo, Jerome Ranft, John Ratzenberger, David Kaye, Elie Docter, Jeremy Leary, Mickie McGowan, Danny Mann, Donald Fullilove, Jess Harnell, Josh Cooley
actors of Up?	Edward Asner, Christopher Plummer, Jordan Nagai, Bob Peterson, Delroy Lindo, Jerome Ranft, John Ratzenberger, David Kaye, Elie Docter, Jeremy Leary, Mickie McGowan, Danny Mann, Donald Fullilove, Jess Harnell, Josh Cooley
description of Up	78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.
What is the description of Up	78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.
description of Up?	78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.
average of votes of Up	8.2
What is the average of votes of Up	8.2
average of votes of Up?	8.2
number of votes of Up	911402
What is the number of votes of Up	911402
number of votes of Up?	911402
budget of Up	$ 175000000
What is the budget of Up	$ 175000000
budget of Up?	$ 175000000
number of reviews from users of Up	905.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Up	905.0
number of reviews from users of Up?	905.0
number of reviews from critics of Up	420.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Up	420.0
number of reviews from critics of Up?	420.0
title of A Beautiful Mind	A Beautiful Mind
What is the title of A Beautiful Mind	A Beautiful Mind
title of A Beautiful Mind?	A Beautiful Mind
year of A Beautiful Mind	2001
What is the year of A Beautiful Mind	2001
year of A Beautiful Mind?	2001
date of A Beautiful Mind	2002-02-22
What is the date of A Beautiful Mind	2002-02-22
date of A Beautiful Mind?	2002-02-22
genre of A Beautiful Mind	Biography, Drama
What is the genre of A Beautiful Mind	Biography, Drama
genre of A Beautiful Mind?	Biography, Drama
duration of A Beautiful Mind	135
What is the duration of A Beautiful Mind	135
duration of A Beautiful Mind?	135
country of A Beautiful Mind	USA
What is the country of A Beautiful Mind	USA
country of A Beautiful Mind?	USA
language of A Beautiful Mind	English
What is the language of A Beautiful Mind	English
language of A Beautiful Mind?	English
director of A Beautiful Mind	Ron Howard
Who is the director of A Beautiful Mind	Ron Howard
director of A Beautiful Mind?	Ron Howard
writer of A Beautiful Mind	Akiva Goldsman, Sylvia Nasar
Who is the writer of A Beautiful Mind	Akiva Goldsman, Sylvia Nasar
writer of A Beautiful Mind?	Akiva Goldsman, Sylvia Nasar
producer of A Beautiful Mind	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of A Beautiful Mind	Universal Pictures
producer of A Beautiful Mind?	Universal Pictures
actors of A Beautiful Mind	Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Jason Gray-Stanford, Judd Hirsch, Austin Pendleton, Vivien Cardone, Jillie Simon, Victor Steinbach, Tanya Clarke
Who are the principle actors of A Beautiful Mind	Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Jason Gray-Stanford, Judd Hirsch, Austin Pendleton, Vivien Cardone, Jillie Simon, Victor Steinbach, Tanya Clarke
Who are the actors of A Beautiful Mind	Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Jason Gray-Stanford, Judd Hirsch, Austin Pendleton, Vivien Cardone, Jillie Simon, Victor Steinbach, Tanya Clarke
Who are the main actors of A Beautiful Mind	Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Jason Gray-Stanford, Judd Hirsch, Austin Pendleton, Vivien Cardone, Jillie Simon, Victor Steinbach, Tanya Clarke
actors of A Beautiful Mind?	Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany, Adam Goldberg, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Jason Gray-Stanford, Judd Hirsch, Austin Pendleton, Vivien Cardone, Jillie Simon, Victor Steinbach, Tanya Clarke
description of A Beautiful Mind	After
What is the description of A Beautiful Mind	After
description of A Beautiful Mind?	After
average of votes of A Beautiful Mind	8.2
What is the average of votes of A Beautiful Mind	8.2
average of votes of A Beautiful Mind?	8.2
number of votes of A Beautiful Mind	827595
What is the number of votes of A Beautiful Mind	827595
number of votes of A Beautiful Mind?	827595
budget of A Beautiful Mind	$ 58000000
What is the budget of A Beautiful Mind	$ 58000000
budget of A Beautiful Mind?	$ 58000000
number of reviews from users of A Beautiful Mind	1302.0
What is the number of reviews from users of A Beautiful Mind	1302.0
number of reviews from users of A Beautiful Mind?	1302.0
number of reviews from critics of A Beautiful Mind	152.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of A Beautiful Mind	152.0
number of reviews from critics of A Beautiful Mind?	152.0
title of Die Hard	Die Hard
What is the title of Die Hard	Die Hard
title of Die Hard?	Die Hard
year of Die Hard	1988
What is the year of Die Hard	1988
year of Die Hard?	1988
date of Die Hard	1988-09-29
What is the date of Die Hard	1988-09-29
date of Die Hard?	1988-09-29
genre of Die Hard	Action, Thriller
What is the genre of Die Hard	Action, Thriller
genre of Die Hard?	Action, Thriller
duration of Die Hard	132
What is the duration of Die Hard	132
duration of Die Hard?	132
country of Die Hard	USA
What is the country of Die Hard	USA
country of Die Hard?	USA
language of Die Hard	English, German, Italian, Japanese
What is the language of Die Hard	English, German, Italian, Japanese
language of Die Hard?	English, German, Italian, Japanese
director of Die Hard	John McTiernan
Who is the director of Die Hard	John McTiernan
director of Die Hard?	John McTiernan
writer of Die Hard	Roderick Thorp, Jeb Stuart
Who is the writer of Die Hard	Roderick Thorp, Jeb Stuart
writer of Die Hard?	Roderick Thorp, Jeb Stuart
producer of Die Hard	Twentieth Century Fox
Who is the producer of Die Hard	Twentieth Century Fox
producer of Die Hard?	Twentieth Century Fox
actors of Die Hard	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, Paul Gleason, De'voreaux White, William Atherton, Hart Bochner, James Shigeta, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bruno Doyon, Andreas Wisniewski, Clarence Gilyard Jr., Joey Plewa, Lorenzo Caccialanza
Who are the principle actors of Die Hard	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, Paul Gleason, De'voreaux White, William Atherton, Hart Bochner, James Shigeta, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bruno Doyon, Andreas Wisniewski, Clarence Gilyard Jr., Joey Plewa, Lorenzo Caccialanza
Who are the actors of Die Hard	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, Paul Gleason, De'voreaux White, William Atherton, Hart Bochner, James Shigeta, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bruno Doyon, Andreas Wisniewski, Clarence Gilyard Jr., Joey Plewa, Lorenzo Caccialanza
Who are the main actors of Die Hard	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, Paul Gleason, De'voreaux White, William Atherton, Hart Bochner, James Shigeta, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bruno Doyon, Andreas Wisniewski, Clarence Gilyard Jr., Joey Plewa, Lorenzo Caccialanza
actors of Die Hard?	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, Paul Gleason, De'voreaux White, William Atherton, Hart Bochner, James Shigeta, Alan Rickman, Alexander Godunov, Bruno Doyon, Andreas Wisniewski, Clarence Gilyard Jr., Joey Plewa, Lorenzo Caccialanza
description of Die Hard	An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
What is the description of Die Hard	An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
description of Die Hard?	An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.
average of votes of Die Hard	8.2
What is the average of votes of Die Hard	8.2
average of votes of Die Hard?	8.2
number of votes of Die Hard	767893
What is the number of votes of Die Hard	767893
number of votes of Die Hard?	767893
budget of Die Hard	$ 28000000
What is the budget of Die Hard	$ 28000000
budget of Die Hard?	$ 28000000
number of reviews from users of Die Hard	925.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Die Hard	925.0
number of reviews from users of Die Hard?	925.0
number of reviews from critics of Die Hard	295.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Die Hard	295.0
number of reviews from critics of Die Hard?	295.0
title of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
What is the title of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
title of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
year of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	1989
What is the year of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	1989
year of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	1989
date of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	1989-10-06
What is the date of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	1989-10-06
date of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	1989-10-06
genre of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Action, Adventure
What is the genre of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Action, Adventure
genre of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Action, Adventure
duration of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	127
What is the duration of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	127
duration of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	127
country of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	USA
What is the country of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	USA
country of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	USA
language of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	English, German, Greek, Arabic
What is the language of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	English, German, Greek, Arabic
language of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	English, German, Greek, Arabic
director of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Steven Spielberg
Who is the director of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Steven Spielberg
director of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Steven Spielberg
writer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Jeffrey Boam, George Lucas
Who is the writer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Jeffrey Boam, George Lucas
writer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Jeffrey Boam, George Lucas
producer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Paramount Pictures
producer of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison, Richard Young, Alexei Sayle, Alex Hyde-White, Paul Maxwell, Isla Blair
Who are the principle actors of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison, Richard Young, Alexei Sayle, Alex Hyde-White, Paul Maxwell, Isla Blair
Who are the actors of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison, Richard Young, Alexei Sayle, Alex Hyde-White, Paul Maxwell, Isla Blair
Who are the main actors of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison, Richard Young, Alexei Sayle, Alex Hyde-White, Paul Maxwell, Isla Blair
actors of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody, John Rhys-Davies, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, Michael Byrne, Kevork Malikyan, Robert Eddison, Richard Young, Alexei Sayle, Alex Hyde-White, Paul Maxwell, Isla Blair
description of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against
What is the description of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against
description of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against
average of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	8.2
What is the average of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	8.2
average of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	8.2
number of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	676976
What is the number of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	676976
number of votes of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	676976
budget of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	$ 48000000
What is the budget of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	$ 48000000
budget of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	$ 48000000
number of reviews from users of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	581.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	581.0
number of reviews from users of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	581.0
number of reviews from critics of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	170.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	170.0
number of reviews from critics of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?	170.0
title of Heat	Heat
What is the title of Heat	Heat
title of Heat?	Heat
year of Heat	1995
What is the year of Heat	1995
year of Heat?	1995
date of Heat	1996-02-09
What is the date of Heat	1996-02-09
date of Heat?	1996-02-09
genre of Heat	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of Heat	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of Heat?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of Heat	170
What is the duration of Heat	170
duration of Heat?	170
country of Heat	USA
What is the country of Heat	USA
country of Heat?	USA
language of Heat	English, Spanish
What is the language of Heat	English, Spanish
language of Heat?	English, Spanish
director of Heat	Michael Mann
Who is the director of Heat	Michael Mann
director of Heat?	Michael Mann
writer of Heat	Michael Mann
Who is the writer of Heat	Michael Mann
writer of Heat?	Michael Mann
producer of Heat	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Heat	Warner Bros.
producer of Heat?	Warner Bros.
actors of Heat	Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Amy Brenneman, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan
Who are the principle actors of Heat	Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Amy Brenneman, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan
Who are the actors of Heat	Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Amy Brenneman, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan
Who are the main actors of Heat	Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Amy Brenneman, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan
actors of Heat?	Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Tom Sizemore, Diane Venora, Amy Brenneman, Ashley Judd, Mykelti Williamson, Wes Studi, Ted Levine, Dennis Haysbert, William Fichtner, Natalie Portman, Tom Noonan
description of Heat	A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
What is the description of Heat	A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
description of Heat?	A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.
average of votes of Heat	8.2
What is the average of votes of Heat	8.2
average of votes of Heat?	8.2
number of votes of Heat	562387
What is the number of votes of Heat	562387
number of votes of Heat?	562387
budget of Heat	$ 60000000
What is the budget of Heat	$ 60000000
budget of Heat?	$ 60000000
number of reviews from users of Heat	1088.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Heat	1088.0
number of reviews from users of Heat?	1088.0
number of reviews from critics of Heat	210.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Heat	210.0
number of reviews from critics of Heat?	210.0
title of L.A. Confidential	L.A. Confidential
What is the title of L.A. Confidential	L.A. Confidential
title of L.A. Confidential?	L.A. Confidential
year of L.A. Confidential	1997
What is the year of L.A. Confidential	1997
year of L.A. Confidential?	1997
date of L.A. Confidential	1997-11-07
What is the date of L.A. Confidential	1997-11-07
date of L.A. Confidential?	1997-11-07
genre of L.A. Confidential	Crime, Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of L.A. Confidential	Crime, Drama, Mystery
genre of L.A. Confidential?	Crime, Drama, Mystery
duration of L.A. Confidential	138
What is the duration of L.A. Confidential	138
duration of L.A. Confidential?	138
country of L.A. Confidential	USA
What is the country of L.A. Confidential	USA
country of L.A. Confidential?	USA
language of L.A. Confidential	English
What is the language of L.A. Confidential	English
language of L.A. Confidential?	English
director of L.A. Confidential	Curtis Hanson
Who is the director of L.A. Confidential	Curtis Hanson
director of L.A. Confidential?	Curtis Hanson
writer of L.A. Confidential	James Ellroy, Brian Helgeland
Who is the writer of L.A. Confidential	James Ellroy, Brian Helgeland
writer of L.A. Confidential?	James Ellroy, Brian Helgeland
producer of L.A. Confidential	Regency Enterprises
Who is the producer of L.A. Confidential	Regency Enterprises
producer of L.A. Confidential?	Regency Enterprises
actors of L.A. Confidential	Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, Ron Rifkin, Matt McCoy, Paul Guilfoyle, Paolo Seganti, Elisabeth Granli, Sandra Taylor, Steve Rankin, Graham Beckel
Who are the principle actors of L.A. Confidential	Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, Ron Rifkin, Matt McCoy, Paul Guilfoyle, Paolo Seganti, Elisabeth Granli, Sandra Taylor, Steve Rankin, Graham Beckel
Who are the actors of L.A. Confidential	Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, Ron Rifkin, Matt McCoy, Paul Guilfoyle, Paolo Seganti, Elisabeth Granli, Sandra Taylor, Steve Rankin, Graham Beckel
Who are the main actors of L.A. Confidential	Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, Ron Rifkin, Matt McCoy, Paul Guilfoyle, Paolo Seganti, Elisabeth Granli, Sandra Taylor, Steve Rankin, Graham Beckel
actors of L.A. Confidential?	Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, David Strathairn, Ron Rifkin, Matt McCoy, Paul Guilfoyle, Paolo Seganti, Elisabeth Granli, Sandra Taylor, Steve Rankin, Graham Beckel
description of L.A. Confidential	As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.
What is the description of L.A. Confidential	As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.
description of L.A. Confidential?	As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.
average of votes of L.A. Confidential	8.2
What is the average of votes of L.A. Confidential	8.2
average of votes of L.A. Confidential?	8.2
number of votes of L.A. Confidential	521530
What is the number of votes of L.A. Confidential	521530
number of votes of L.A. Confidential?	521530
budget of L.A. Confidential	$ 35000000
What is the budget of L.A. Confidential	$ 35000000
budget of L.A. Confidential?	$ 35000000
number of reviews from users of L.A. Confidential	715.0
What is the number of reviews from users of L.A. Confidential	715.0
number of reviews from users of L.A. Confidential?	715.0
number of reviews from critics of L.A. Confidential	132.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of L.A. Confidential	132.0
number of reviews from critics of L.A. Confidential?	132.0
title of There Will Be Blood	There Will Be Blood
What is the title of There Will Be Blood	There Will Be Blood
title of There Will Be Blood?	There Will Be Blood
year of There Will Be Blood	2007
What is the year of There Will Be Blood	2007
year of There Will Be Blood?	2007
date of There Will Be Blood	2008-02-15
What is the date of There Will Be Blood	2008-02-15
date of There Will Be Blood?	2008-02-15
genre of There Will Be Blood	Drama
What is the genre of There Will Be Blood	Drama
genre of There Will Be Blood?	Drama
duration of There Will Be Blood	158
What is the duration of There Will Be Blood	158
duration of There Will Be Blood?	158
country of There Will Be Blood	USA
What is the country of There Will Be Blood	USA
country of There Will Be Blood?	USA
language of There Will Be Blood	English, American Sign Language
What is the language of There Will Be Blood	English, American Sign Language
language of There Will Be Blood?	English, American Sign Language
director of There Will Be Blood	Paul Thomas Anderson
Who is the director of There Will Be Blood	Paul Thomas Anderson
director of There Will Be Blood?	Paul Thomas Anderson
writer of There Will Be Blood	Paul Thomas Anderson, Upton Sinclair
Who is the writer of There Will Be Blood	Paul Thomas Anderson, Upton Sinclair
writer of There Will Be Blood?	Paul Thomas Anderson, Upton Sinclair
producer of There Will Be Blood	Paramount Vantage
Who is the producer of There Will Be Blood	Paramount Vantage
producer of There Will Be Blood?	Paramount Vantage
actors of There Will Be Blood	Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Matthew Braden Stringer, Jacob Stringer, Joseph Mussey, Barry Del Sherman, Harrison Taylor, Stockton Taylor, Paul F. Tompkins, Dillon Freasier, Kevin Breznahan, Jim Meskimen, Erica Sullivan, Randall Carver, Coco Leigh
Who are the principle actors of There Will Be Blood	Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Matthew Braden Stringer, Jacob Stringer, Joseph Mussey, Barry Del Sherman, Harrison Taylor, Stockton Taylor, Paul F. Tompkins, Dillon Freasier, Kevin Breznahan, Jim Meskimen, Erica Sullivan, Randall Carver, Coco Leigh
Who are the actors of There Will Be Blood	Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Matthew Braden Stringer, Jacob Stringer, Joseph Mussey, Barry Del Sherman, Harrison Taylor, Stockton Taylor, Paul F. Tompkins, Dillon Freasier, Kevin Breznahan, Jim Meskimen, Erica Sullivan, Randall Carver, Coco Leigh
Who are the main actors of There Will Be Blood	Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Matthew Braden Stringer, Jacob Stringer, Joseph Mussey, Barry Del Sherman, Harrison Taylor, Stockton Taylor, Paul F. Tompkins, Dillon Freasier, Kevin Breznahan, Jim Meskimen, Erica Sullivan, Randall Carver, Coco Leigh
actors of There Will Be Blood?	Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Matthew Braden Stringer, Jacob Stringer, Joseph Mussey, Barry Del Sherman, Harrison Taylor, Stockton Taylor, Paul F. Tompkins, Dillon Freasier, Kevin Breznahan, Jim Meskimen, Erica Sullivan, Randall Carver, Coco Leigh
description of There Will Be Blood	A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.
What is the description of There Will Be Blood	A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.
description of There Will Be Blood?	A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.
average of votes of There Will Be Blood	8.2
What is the average of votes of There Will Be Blood	8.2
average of votes of There Will Be Blood?	8.2
number of votes of There Will Be Blood	502968
What is the number of votes of There Will Be Blood	502968
number of votes of There Will Be Blood?	502968
budget of There Will Be Blood	$ 25000000
What is the budget of There Will Be Blood	$ 25000000
budget of There Will Be Blood?	$ 25000000
number of reviews from users of There Will Be Blood	1327.0
What is the number of reviews from users of There Will Be Blood	1327.0
number of reviews from users of There Will Be Blood?	1327.0
number of reviews from critics of There Will Be Blood	344.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of There Will Be Blood	344.0
number of reviews from critics of There Will Be Blood?	344.0
title of Warrior	Warrior
What is the title of Warrior	Warrior
title of Warrior?	Warrior
year of Warrior	2011
What is the year of Warrior	2011
year of Warrior?	2011
date of Warrior	2011-11-04
What is the date of Warrior	2011-11-04
date of Warrior?	2011-11-04
genre of Warrior	Action, Drama, Sport
What is the genre of Warrior	Action, Drama, Sport
genre of Warrior?	Action, Drama, Sport
duration of Warrior	140
What is the duration of Warrior	140
duration of Warrior?	140
country of Warrior	USA
What is the country of Warrior	USA
country of Warrior?	USA
language of Warrior	English, Spanish
What is the language of Warrior	English, Spanish
language of Warrior?	English, Spanish
director of Warrior	Gavin O'Connor
Who is the director of Warrior	Gavin O'Connor
director of Warrior?	Gavin O'Connor
writer of Warrior	Gavin O'Connor, Anthony Tambakis
Who is the writer of Warrior	Gavin O'Connor, Anthony Tambakis
writer of Warrior?	Gavin O'Connor, Anthony Tambakis
producer of Warrior	Lionsgate
Who is the producer of Warrior	Lionsgate
producer of Warrior?	Lionsgate
actors of Warrior	Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo, Kevin Dunn, Maximiliano Hernández, Bryan Callen, Sam Sheridan, Fernando Chien, Jake McLaughlin, Vanessa Martinez, Denzel Whitaker, Carlos Miranda, Manuel Espinosa
Who are the principle actors of Warrior	Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo, Kevin Dunn, Maximiliano Hernández, Bryan Callen, Sam Sheridan, Fernando Chien, Jake McLaughlin, Vanessa Martinez, Denzel Whitaker, Carlos Miranda, Manuel Espinosa
Who are the actors of Warrior	Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo, Kevin Dunn, Maximiliano Hernández, Bryan Callen, Sam Sheridan, Fernando Chien, Jake McLaughlin, Vanessa Martinez, Denzel Whitaker, Carlos Miranda, Manuel Espinosa
Who are the main actors of Warrior	Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo, Kevin Dunn, Maximiliano Hernández, Bryan Callen, Sam Sheridan, Fernando Chien, Jake McLaughlin, Vanessa Martinez, Denzel Whitaker, Carlos Miranda, Manuel Espinosa
actors of Warrior?	Joel Edgerton, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, Jennifer Morrison, Frank Grillo, Kevin Dunn, Maximiliano Hernández, Bryan Callen, Sam Sheridan, Fernando Chien, Jake McLaughlin, Vanessa Martinez, Denzel Whitaker, Carlos Miranda, Manuel Espinosa
description of Warrior	The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.
What is the description of Warrior	The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.
description of Warrior?	The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.
average of votes of Warrior	8.2
What is the average of votes of Warrior	8.2
average of votes of Warrior?	8.2
number of votes of Warrior	427585
What is the number of votes of Warrior	427585
number of votes of Warrior?	427585
budget of Warrior	$ 25000000
What is the budget of Warrior	$ 25000000
budget of Warrior?	$ 25000000
number of reviews from users of Warrior	688.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Warrior	688.0
number of reviews from users of Warrior?	688.0
number of reviews from critics of Warrior	339.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Warrior	339.0
number of reviews from critics of Warrior?	339.0
title of Unforgiven	Unforgiven
What is the title of Unforgiven	Unforgiven
title of Unforgiven?	Unforgiven
year of Unforgiven	1992
What is the year of Unforgiven	1992
year of Unforgiven?	1992
date of Unforgiven	1993-02-19
What is the date of Unforgiven	1993-02-19
date of Unforgiven?	1993-02-19
genre of Unforgiven	Drama, Western
What is the genre of Unforgiven	Drama, Western
genre of Unforgiven?	Drama, Western
duration of Unforgiven	130
What is the duration of Unforgiven	130
duration of Unforgiven?	130
country of Unforgiven	USA
What is the country of Unforgiven	USA
country of Unforgiven?	USA
language of Unforgiven	English
What is the language of Unforgiven	English
language of Unforgiven?	English
director of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood
Who is the director of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood
director of Unforgiven?	Clint Eastwood
writer of Unforgiven	David Webb Peoples
Who is the writer of Unforgiven	David Webb Peoples
writer of Unforgiven?	David Webb Peoples
producer of Unforgiven	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Unforgiven	Warner Bros.
producer of Unforgiven?	Warner Bros.
actors of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Richard Harris, Jaimz Woolvett, Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher, Anna Thomson, David Mucci, Rob Campbell, Anthony James, Tara Frederick, Beverley Elliott, Liisa Repo-Martell, Josie Smith
Who are the principle actors of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Richard Harris, Jaimz Woolvett, Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher, Anna Thomson, David Mucci, Rob Campbell, Anthony James, Tara Frederick, Beverley Elliott, Liisa Repo-Martell, Josie Smith
Who are the actors of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Richard Harris, Jaimz Woolvett, Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher, Anna Thomson, David Mucci, Rob Campbell, Anthony James, Tara Frederick, Beverley Elliott, Liisa Repo-Martell, Josie Smith
Who are the main actors of Unforgiven	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Richard Harris, Jaimz Woolvett, Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher, Anna Thomson, David Mucci, Rob Campbell, Anthony James, Tara Frederick, Beverley Elliott, Liisa Repo-Martell, Josie Smith
actors of Unforgiven?	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, Richard Harris, Jaimz Woolvett, Saul Rubinek, Frances Fisher, Anna Thomson, David Mucci, Rob Campbell, Anthony James, Tara Frederick, Beverley Elliott, Liisa Repo-Martell, Josie Smith
description of Unforgiven	Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny (
What is the description of Unforgiven	Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny (
description of Unforgiven?	Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny (
average of votes of Unforgiven	8.2
What is the average of votes of Unforgiven	8.2
average of votes of Unforgiven?	8.2
number of votes of Unforgiven	367365
What is the number of votes of Unforgiven	367365
number of votes of Unforgiven?	367365
budget of Unforgiven	$ 14400000
What is the budget of Unforgiven	$ 14400000
budget of Unforgiven?	$ 14400000
number of reviews from users of Unforgiven	593.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Unforgiven	593.0
number of reviews from users of Unforgiven?	593.0
number of reviews from critics of Unforgiven	128.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Unforgiven	128.0
number of reviews from critics of Unforgiven?	128.0
title of Raging Bull	Raging Bull
What is the title of Raging Bull	Raging Bull
title of Raging Bull?	Raging Bull
year of Raging Bull	1980
What is the year of Raging Bull	1980
year of Raging Bull?	1980
date of Raging Bull	1981-02-12
What is the date of Raging Bull	1981-02-12
date of Raging Bull?	1981-02-12
genre of Raging Bull	Biography, Drama, Sport
What is the genre of Raging Bull	Biography, Drama, Sport
genre of Raging Bull?	Biography, Drama, Sport
duration of Raging Bull	129
What is the duration of Raging Bull	129
duration of Raging Bull?	129
country of Raging Bull	USA
What is the country of Raging Bull	USA
country of Raging Bull?	USA
language of Raging Bull	English
What is the language of Raging Bull	English
language of Raging Bull?	English
director of Raging Bull	Martin Scorsese
Who is the director of Raging Bull	Martin Scorsese
director of Raging Bull?	Martin Scorsese
writer of Raging Bull	Jake LaMotta, Joseph Carter
Who is the writer of Raging Bull	Jake LaMotta, Joseph Carter
writer of Raging Bull?	Jake LaMotta, Joseph Carter
producer of Raging Bull	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
Who is the producer of Raging Bull	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
producer of Raging Bull?	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
actors of Raging Bull	Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono, Frank Topham, Lori Anne Flax, Charles Scorsese, Don Dunphy, Bill Hanrahan, Rita Bennett
Who are the principle actors of Raging Bull	Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono, Frank Topham, Lori Anne Flax, Charles Scorsese, Don Dunphy, Bill Hanrahan, Rita Bennett
Who are the actors of Raging Bull	Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono, Frank Topham, Lori Anne Flax, Charles Scorsese, Don Dunphy, Bill Hanrahan, Rita Bennett
Who are the main actors of Raging Bull	Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono, Frank Topham, Lori Anne Flax, Charles Scorsese, Don Dunphy, Bill Hanrahan, Rita Bennett
actors of Raging Bull?	Robert De Niro, Cathy Moriarty, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, Mario Gallo, Frank Adonis, Joseph Bono, Frank Topham, Lori Anne Flax, Charles Scorsese, Don Dunphy, Bill Hanrahan, Rita Bennett
description of Raging Bull	The life of boxer
What is the description of Raging Bull	The life of boxer
description of Raging Bull?	The life of boxer
average of votes of Raging Bull	8.2
What is the average of votes of Raging Bull	8.2
average of votes of Raging Bull?	8.2
number of votes of Raging Bull	313784
What is the number of votes of Raging Bull	313784
number of votes of Raging Bull?	313784
budget of Raging Bull	$ 18000000
What is the budget of Raging Bull	$ 18000000
budget of Raging Bull?	$ 18000000
number of reviews from users of Raging Bull	593.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Raging Bull	593.0
number of reviews from users of Raging Bull?	593.0
number of reviews from critics of Raging Bull	191.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Raging Bull	191.0
number of reviews from critics of Raging Bull?	191.0
title of To Kill a Mockingbird	To Kill a Mockingbird
What is the title of To Kill a Mockingbird	To Kill a Mockingbird
title of To Kill a Mockingbird?	To Kill a Mockingbird
year of To Kill a Mockingbird	1962
What is the year of To Kill a Mockingbird	1962
year of To Kill a Mockingbird?	1962
date of To Kill a Mockingbird	1963-09-11
What is the date of To Kill a Mockingbird	1963-09-11
date of To Kill a Mockingbird?	1963-09-11
genre of To Kill a Mockingbird	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of To Kill a Mockingbird	Crime, Drama
genre of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Crime, Drama
duration of To Kill a Mockingbird	129
What is the duration of To Kill a Mockingbird	129
duration of To Kill a Mockingbird?	129
country of To Kill a Mockingbird	USA
What is the country of To Kill a Mockingbird	USA
country of To Kill a Mockingbird?	USA
language of To Kill a Mockingbird	English
What is the language of To Kill a Mockingbird	English
language of To Kill a Mockingbird?	English
director of To Kill a Mockingbird	Robert Mulligan
Who is the director of To Kill a Mockingbird	Robert Mulligan
director of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Robert Mulligan
writer of To Kill a Mockingbird	Harper Lee, Horton Foote
Who is the writer of To Kill a Mockingbird	Harper Lee, Horton Foote
writer of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Harper Lee, Horton Foote
producer of To Kill a Mockingbird	Pakula-Mulligan
Who is the producer of To Kill a Mockingbird	Pakula-Mulligan
producer of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Pakula-Mulligan
actors of To Kill a Mockingbird	Gregory Peck, John Megna, Frank Overton, Rosemary Murphy, Ruth White, Brock Peters, Estelle Evans, Paul Fix, Collin Wilcox Paxton, James Anderson, Alice Ghostley, Robert Duvall, William Windom, Crahan Denton, Richard Hale
Who are the principle actors of To Kill a Mockingbird	Gregory Peck, John Megna, Frank Overton, Rosemary Murphy, Ruth White, Brock Peters, Estelle Evans, Paul Fix, Collin Wilcox Paxton, James Anderson, Alice Ghostley, Robert Duvall, William Windom, Crahan Denton, Richard Hale
Who are the actors of To Kill a Mockingbird	Gregory Peck, John Megna, Frank Overton, Rosemary Murphy, Ruth White, Brock Peters, Estelle Evans, Paul Fix, Collin Wilcox Paxton, James Anderson, Alice Ghostley, Robert Duvall, William Windom, Crahan Denton, Richard Hale
Who are the main actors of To Kill a Mockingbird	Gregory Peck, John Megna, Frank Overton, Rosemary Murphy, Ruth White, Brock Peters, Estelle Evans, Paul Fix, Collin Wilcox Paxton, James Anderson, Alice Ghostley, Robert Duvall, William Windom, Crahan Denton, Richard Hale
actors of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Gregory Peck, John Megna, Frank Overton, Rosemary Murphy, Ruth White, Brock Peters, Estelle Evans, Paul Fix, Collin Wilcox Paxton, James Anderson, Alice Ghostley, Robert Duvall, William Windom, Crahan Denton, Richard Hale
description of To Kill a Mockingbird	Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his children against prejudice.
What is the description of To Kill a Mockingbird	Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his children against prejudice.
description of To Kill a Mockingbird?	Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his children against prejudice.
average of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird	8.2
What is the average of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird	8.2
average of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird?	8.2
number of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird	288787
What is the number of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird	288787
number of votes of To Kill a Mockingbird?	288787
budget of To Kill a Mockingbird	$ 2000000
What is the budget of To Kill a Mockingbird	$ 2000000
budget of To Kill a Mockingbird?	$ 2000000
number of reviews from users of To Kill a Mockingbird	571.0
What is the number of reviews from users of To Kill a Mockingbird	571.0
number of reviews from users of To Kill a Mockingbird?	571.0
number of reviews from critics of To Kill a Mockingbird	153.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of To Kill a Mockingbird	153.0
number of reviews from critics of To Kill a Mockingbird?	153.0
title of Chinatown	Chinatown
What is the title of Chinatown	Chinatown
title of Chinatown?	Chinatown
year of Chinatown	1974
What is the year of Chinatown	1974
year of Chinatown?	1974
date of Chinatown	1974-12-13
What is the date of Chinatown	1974-12-13
date of Chinatown?	1974-12-13
genre of Chinatown	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Chinatown	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
genre of Chinatown?	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
duration of Chinatown	130
What is the duration of Chinatown	130
duration of Chinatown?	130
country of Chinatown	USA
What is the country of Chinatown	USA
country of Chinatown?	USA
language of Chinatown	English, Cantonese, Spanish
What is the language of Chinatown	English, Cantonese, Spanish
language of Chinatown?	English, Cantonese, Spanish
director of Chinatown	Roman Polanski
Who is the director of Chinatown	Roman Polanski
director of Chinatown?	Roman Polanski
writer of Chinatown	Robert Towne
Who is the writer of Chinatown	Robert Towne
writer of Chinatown?	Robert Towne
producer of Chinatown	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Chinatown	Paramount Pictures
producer of Chinatown?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Chinatown	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman, Darrell Zwerling, Diane Ladd, Roy Jenson, Roman Polanski, Richard Bakalyan, Joe Mantell, Bruce Glover, Nandu Hinds, James O'Rear, James Hong
Who are the principle actors of Chinatown	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman, Darrell Zwerling, Diane Ladd, Roy Jenson, Roman Polanski, Richard Bakalyan, Joe Mantell, Bruce Glover, Nandu Hinds, James O'Rear, James Hong
Who are the actors of Chinatown	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman, Darrell Zwerling, Diane Ladd, Roy Jenson, Roman Polanski, Richard Bakalyan, Joe Mantell, Bruce Glover, Nandu Hinds, James O'Rear, James Hong
Who are the main actors of Chinatown	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman, Darrell Zwerling, Diane Ladd, Roy Jenson, Roman Polanski, Richard Bakalyan, Joe Mantell, Bruce Glover, Nandu Hinds, James O'Rear, James Hong
actors of Chinatown?	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway, John Huston, Perry Lopez, John Hillerman, Darrell Zwerling, Diane Ladd, Roy Jenson, Roman Polanski, Richard Bakalyan, Joe Mantell, Bruce Glover, Nandu Hinds, James O'Rear, James Hong
description of Chinatown	A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.
What is the description of Chinatown	A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.
description of Chinatown?	A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.
average of votes of Chinatown	8.2
What is the average of votes of Chinatown	8.2
average of votes of Chinatown?	8.2
number of votes of Chinatown	286798
What is the number of votes of Chinatown	286798
number of votes of Chinatown?	286798
budget of Chinatown	$ 6000000
What is the budget of Chinatown	$ 6000000
budget of Chinatown?	$ 6000000
number of reviews from users of Chinatown	540.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Chinatown	540.0
number of reviews from users of Chinatown?	540.0
number of reviews from critics of Chinatown	150.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Chinatown	150.0
number of reviews from critics of Chinatown?	150.0
title of Some Like It Hot	Some Like It Hot
What is the title of Some Like It Hot	Some Like It Hot
title of Some Like It Hot?	Some Like It Hot
year of Some Like It Hot	1959
What is the year of Some Like It Hot	1959
year of Some Like It Hot?	1959
date of Some Like It Hot	1959-09-16
What is the date of Some Like It Hot	1959-09-16
date of Some Like It Hot?	1959-09-16
genre of Some Like It Hot	Comedy, Music, Romance
What is the genre of Some Like It Hot	Comedy, Music, Romance
genre of Some Like It Hot?	Comedy, Music, Romance
duration of Some Like It Hot	121
What is the duration of Some Like It Hot	121
duration of Some Like It Hot?	121
country of Some Like It Hot	USA
What is the country of Some Like It Hot	USA
country of Some Like It Hot?	USA
language of Some Like It Hot	English
What is the language of Some Like It Hot	English
language of Some Like It Hot?	English
director of Some Like It Hot	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of Some Like It Hot	Billy Wilder
director of Some Like It Hot?	Billy Wilder
writer of Some Like It Hot	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
Who is the writer of Some Like It Hot	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
writer of Some Like It Hot?	Billy Wilder, I.A.L. Diamond
producer of Some Like It Hot	Ashton Productions
Who is the producer of Some Like It Hot	Ashton Productions
producer of Some Like It Hot?	Ashton Productions
actors of Some Like It Hot	Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Nehemiah Persoff, Joan Shawlee, Billy Gray, George E. Stone, Dave Barry, Mike Mazurki, Harry Wilson, Beverly Wills, Barbara Drew
Who are the principle actors of Some Like It Hot	Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Nehemiah Persoff, Joan Shawlee, Billy Gray, George E. Stone, Dave Barry, Mike Mazurki, Harry Wilson, Beverly Wills, Barbara Drew
Who are the actors of Some Like It Hot	Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Nehemiah Persoff, Joan Shawlee, Billy Gray, George E. Stone, Dave Barry, Mike Mazurki, Harry Wilson, Beverly Wills, Barbara Drew
Who are the main actors of Some Like It Hot	Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Nehemiah Persoff, Joan Shawlee, Billy Gray, George E. Stone, Dave Barry, Mike Mazurki, Harry Wilson, Beverly Wills, Barbara Drew
actors of Some Like It Hot?	Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon, George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Nehemiah Persoff, Joan Shawlee, Billy Gray, George E. Stone, Dave Barry, Mike Mazurki, Harry Wilson, Beverly Wills, Barbara Drew
description of Some Like It Hot	After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
What is the description of Some Like It Hot	After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
description of Some Like It Hot?	After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
average of votes of Some Like It Hot	8.2
What is the average of votes of Some Like It Hot	8.2
average of votes of Some Like It Hot?	8.2
number of votes of Some Like It Hot	238048
What is the number of votes of Some Like It Hot	238048
number of votes of Some Like It Hot?	238048
budget of Some Like It Hot	$ 2883848
What is the budget of Some Like It Hot	$ 2883848
budget of Some Like It Hot?	$ 2883848
number of reviews from users of Some Like It Hot	422.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Some Like It Hot	422.0
number of reviews from users of Some Like It Hot?	422.0
number of reviews from critics of Some Like It Hot	224.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Some Like It Hot	224.0
number of reviews from critics of Some Like It Hot?	224.0
title of The Great Escape	The Great Escape
What is the title of The Great Escape	The Great Escape
title of The Great Escape?	The Great Escape
year of The Great Escape	1963
What is the year of The Great Escape	1963
year of The Great Escape?	1963
date of The Great Escape	1963-08-30
What is the date of The Great Escape	1963-08-30
date of The Great Escape?	1963-08-30
genre of The Great Escape	Adventure, Drama, History
What is the genre of The Great Escape	Adventure, Drama, History
genre of The Great Escape?	Adventure, Drama, History
duration of The Great Escape	172
What is the duration of The Great Escape	172
duration of The Great Escape?	172
country of The Great Escape	USA
What is the country of The Great Escape	USA
country of The Great Escape?	USA
language of The Great Escape	English, German, French, Russian, Spanish
What is the language of The Great Escape	English, German, French, Russian, Spanish
language of The Great Escape?	English, German, French, Russian, Spanish
director of The Great Escape	John Sturges
Who is the director of The Great Escape	John Sturges
director of The Great Escape?	John Sturges
writer of The Great Escape	Paul Brickhill, James Clavell
Who is the writer of The Great Escape	Paul Brickhill, James Clavell
writer of The Great Escape?	Paul Brickhill, James Clavell
producer of The Great Escape	The Mirisch Company
Who is the producer of The Great Escape	The Mirisch Company
producer of The Great Escape?	The Mirisch Company
actors of The Great Escape	Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, James Donald, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasence, James Coburn, Hannes Messemer, David McCallum, Gordon Jackson, John Leyton, Angus Lennie, Nigel Stock, Robert Graf, Jud Taylor
Who are the principle actors of The Great Escape	Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, James Donald, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasence, James Coburn, Hannes Messemer, David McCallum, Gordon Jackson, John Leyton, Angus Lennie, Nigel Stock, Robert Graf, Jud Taylor
Who are the actors of The Great Escape	Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, James Donald, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasence, James Coburn, Hannes Messemer, David McCallum, Gordon Jackson, John Leyton, Angus Lennie, Nigel Stock, Robert Graf, Jud Taylor
Who are the main actors of The Great Escape	Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, James Donald, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasence, James Coburn, Hannes Messemer, David McCallum, Gordon Jackson, John Leyton, Angus Lennie, Nigel Stock, Robert Graf, Jud Taylor
actors of The Great Escape?	Steve McQueen, James Garner, Richard Attenborough, James Donald, Charles Bronson, Donald Pleasence, James Coburn, Hannes Messemer, David McCallum, Gordon Jackson, John Leyton, Angus Lennie, Nigel Stock, Robert Graf, Jud Taylor
description of The Great Escape	Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
What is the description of The Great Escape	Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
description of The Great Escape?	Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.
average of votes of The Great Escape	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Great Escape	8.2
average of votes of The Great Escape?	8.2
number of votes of The Great Escape	219677
What is the number of votes of The Great Escape	219677
number of votes of The Great Escape?	219677
budget of The Great Escape	$ 4000000
What is the budget of The Great Escape	$ 4000000
budget of The Great Escape?	$ 4000000
number of reviews from users of The Great Escape	363.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Great Escape	363.0
number of reviews from users of The Great Escape?	363.0
number of reviews from critics of The Great Escape	111.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Great Escape	111.0
number of reviews from critics of The Great Escape?	111.0
title of Dial M for Murder	Dial M for Murder
What is the title of Dial M for Murder	Dial M for Murder
title of Dial M for Murder?	Dial M for Murder
year of Dial M for Murder	1954
What is the year of Dial M for Murder	1954
year of Dial M for Murder?	1954
date of Dial M for Murder	1954-11-19
What is the date of Dial M for Murder	1954-11-19
date of Dial M for Murder?	1954-11-19
genre of Dial M for Murder	Crime, Thriller
What is the genre of Dial M for Murder	Crime, Thriller
genre of Dial M for Murder?	Crime, Thriller
duration of Dial M for Murder	105
What is the duration of Dial M for Murder	105
duration of Dial M for Murder?	105
country of Dial M for Murder	USA
What is the country of Dial M for Murder	USA
country of Dial M for Murder?	USA
language of Dial M for Murder	English
What is the language of Dial M for Murder	English
language of Dial M for Murder?	English
director of Dial M for Murder	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of Dial M for Murder	Alfred Hitchcock
director of Dial M for Murder?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of Dial M for Murder	Frederick Knott, Frederick Knott
Who is the writer of Dial M for Murder	Frederick Knott, Frederick Knott
writer of Dial M for Murder?	Frederick Knott, Frederick Knott
producer of Dial M for Murder	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Dial M for Murder	Warner Bros.
producer of Dial M for Murder?	Warner Bros.
actors of Dial M for Murder	Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson, Leo Britt, Patrick Allen, George Leigh, George Alderson, Robin Hughes
Who are the principle actors of Dial M for Murder	Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson, Leo Britt, Patrick Allen, George Leigh, George Alderson, Robin Hughes
Who are the actors of Dial M for Murder	Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson, Leo Britt, Patrick Allen, George Leigh, George Alderson, Robin Hughes
Who are the main actors of Dial M for Murder	Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson, Leo Britt, Patrick Allen, George Leigh, George Alderson, Robin Hughes
actors of Dial M for Murder?	Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings, John Williams, Anthony Dawson, Leo Britt, Patrick Allen, George Leigh, George Alderson, Robin Hughes
description of Dial M for Murder	A tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.
What is the description of Dial M for Murder	A tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.
description of Dial M for Murder?	A tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.
average of votes of Dial M for Murder	8.2
What is the average of votes of Dial M for Murder	8.2
average of votes of Dial M for Murder?	8.2
number of votes of Dial M for Murder	153300
What is the number of votes of Dial M for Murder	153300
number of votes of Dial M for Murder?	153300
budget of Dial M for Murder	$ 1400000
What is the budget of Dial M for Murder	$ 1400000
budget of Dial M for Murder?	$ 1400000
number of reviews from users of Dial M for Murder	356.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Dial M for Murder	356.0
number of reviews from users of Dial M for Murder?	356.0
number of reviews from critics of Dial M for Murder	107.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Dial M for Murder	107.0
number of reviews from critics of Dial M for Murder?	107.0
title of All About Eve	All About Eve
What is the title of All About Eve	All About Eve
title of All About Eve?	All About Eve
year of All About Eve	1950
What is the year of All About Eve	1950
year of All About Eve?	1950
date of All About Eve	1951-10-05
What is the date of All About Eve	1951-10-05
date of All About Eve?	1951-10-05
genre of All About Eve	Drama
What is the genre of All About Eve	Drama
genre of All About Eve?	Drama
duration of All About Eve	138
What is the duration of All About Eve	138
duration of All About Eve?	138
country of All About Eve	USA
What is the country of All About Eve	USA
country of All About Eve?	USA
language of All About Eve	English, French
What is the language of All About Eve	English, French
language of All About Eve?	English, French
director of All About Eve	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Who is the director of All About Eve	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
director of All About Eve?	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
writer of All About Eve	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Who is the writer of All About Eve	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
writer of All About Eve?	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
producer of All About Eve	Twentieth Century Fox
Who is the producer of All About Eve	Twentieth Century Fox
producer of All About Eve?	Twentieth Century Fox
actors of All About Eve	Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Gary Merrill, Hugh Marlowe, Gregory Ratoff, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Thelma Ritter, Walter Hampden, Randy Stuart, Craig Hill, Leland Harris, Barbara White
Who are the principle actors of All About Eve	Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Gary Merrill, Hugh Marlowe, Gregory Ratoff, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Thelma Ritter, Walter Hampden, Randy Stuart, Craig Hill, Leland Harris, Barbara White
Who are the actors of All About Eve	Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Gary Merrill, Hugh Marlowe, Gregory Ratoff, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Thelma Ritter, Walter Hampden, Randy Stuart, Craig Hill, Leland Harris, Barbara White
Who are the main actors of All About Eve	Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Gary Merrill, Hugh Marlowe, Gregory Ratoff, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Thelma Ritter, Walter Hampden, Randy Stuart, Craig Hill, Leland Harris, Barbara White
actors of All About Eve?	Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders, Celeste Holm, Gary Merrill, Hugh Marlowe, Gregory Ratoff, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Thelma Ritter, Walter Hampden, Randy Stuart, Craig Hill, Leland Harris, Barbara White
description of All About Eve	A seemingly timid but secretly ruthless ingénue insinuates herself into the lives of an aging Broadway star and her circle of theater friends.
What is the description of All About Eve	A seemingly timid but secretly ruthless ingénue insinuates herself into the lives of an aging Broadway star and her circle of theater friends.
description of All About Eve?	A seemingly timid but secretly ruthless ingénue insinuates herself into the lives of an aging Broadway star and her circle of theater friends.
average of votes of All About Eve	8.2
What is the average of votes of All About Eve	8.2
average of votes of All About Eve?	8.2
number of votes of All About Eve	117634
What is the number of votes of All About Eve	117634
number of votes of All About Eve?	117634
budget of All About Eve	$ 1400000
What is the budget of All About Eve	$ 1400000
budget of All About Eve?	$ 1400000
number of reviews from users of All About Eve	373.0
What is the number of reviews from users of All About Eve	373.0
number of reviews from users of All About Eve?	373.0
number of reviews from critics of All About Eve	140.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of All About Eve	140.0
number of reviews from critics of All About Eve?	140.0
title of The Gold Rush	The Gold Rush
What is the title of The Gold Rush	The Gold Rush
title of The Gold Rush?	The Gold Rush
year of The Gold Rush	1925
What is the year of The Gold Rush	1925
year of The Gold Rush?	1925
date of The Gold Rush	1925-10-23
What is the date of The Gold Rush	1925-10-23
date of The Gold Rush?	1925-10-23
genre of The Gold Rush	Adventure, Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of The Gold Rush	Adventure, Comedy, Drama
genre of The Gold Rush?	Adventure, Comedy, Drama
duration of The Gold Rush	95
What is the duration of The Gold Rush	95
duration of The Gold Rush?	95
country of The Gold Rush	USA
What is the country of The Gold Rush	USA
country of The Gold Rush?	USA
language of The Gold Rush	English, None
What is the language of The Gold Rush	English, None
language of The Gold Rush?	English, None
director of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin
director of The Gold Rush?	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Gold Rush?	Charles Chaplin
producer of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of The Gold Rush?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray, Henry Bergman, Malcolm Waite, Georgia Hale
Who are the principle actors of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray, Henry Bergman, Malcolm Waite, Georgia Hale
Who are the actors of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray, Henry Bergman, Malcolm Waite, Georgia Hale
Who are the main actors of The Gold Rush	Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray, Henry Bergman, Malcolm Waite, Georgia Hale
actors of The Gold Rush?	Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray, Henry Bergman, Malcolm Waite, Georgia Hale
description of The Gold Rush	A prospector goes to the Klondike in search of gold and finds it and more.
What is the description of The Gold Rush	A prospector goes to the Klondike in search of gold and finds it and more.
description of The Gold Rush?	A prospector goes to the Klondike in search of gold and finds it and more.
average of votes of The Gold Rush	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Gold Rush	8.2
average of votes of The Gold Rush?	8.2
number of votes of The Gold Rush	97480
What is the number of votes of The Gold Rush	97480
number of votes of The Gold Rush?	97480
budget of The Gold Rush	$ 923000
What is the budget of The Gold Rush	$ 923000
budget of The Gold Rush?	$ 923000
number of reviews from users of The Gold Rush	190.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Gold Rush	190.0
number of reviews from users of The Gold Rush?	190.0
number of reviews from critics of The Gold Rush	125.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Gold Rush	125.0
number of reviews from critics of The Gold Rush?	125.0
title of Judgment at Nuremberg	Judgment at Nuremberg
What is the title of Judgment at Nuremberg	Judgment at Nuremberg
title of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Judgment at Nuremberg
year of Judgment at Nuremberg	1961
What is the year of Judgment at Nuremberg	1961
year of Judgment at Nuremberg?	1961
date of Judgment at Nuremberg	1961-12-18
What is the date of Judgment at Nuremberg	1961-12-18
date of Judgment at Nuremberg?	1961-12-18
genre of Judgment at Nuremberg	Drama, War
What is the genre of Judgment at Nuremberg	Drama, War
genre of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Drama, War
duration of Judgment at Nuremberg	179
What is the duration of Judgment at Nuremberg	179
duration of Judgment at Nuremberg?	179
country of Judgment at Nuremberg	USA
What is the country of Judgment at Nuremberg	USA
country of Judgment at Nuremberg?	USA
language of Judgment at Nuremberg	English, German
What is the language of Judgment at Nuremberg	English, German
language of Judgment at Nuremberg?	English, German
director of Judgment at Nuremberg	Stanley Kramer
Who is the director of Judgment at Nuremberg	Stanley Kramer
director of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Stanley Kramer
writer of Judgment at Nuremberg	Abby Mann, Abby Mann
Who is the writer of Judgment at Nuremberg	Abby Mann, Abby Mann
writer of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Abby Mann, Abby Mann
producer of Judgment at Nuremberg	Roxlom Films Inc.
Who is the producer of Judgment at Nuremberg	Roxlom Films Inc.
producer of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Roxlom Films Inc.
actors of Judgment at Nuremberg	Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Marlene Dietrich, Maximilian Schell, Judy Garland, Montgomery Clift, William Shatner, Werner Klemperer, Kenneth MacKenna, Torben Meyer, Joseph Bernard, Alan Baxter, Edward Binns, Virginia Christine
Who are the principle actors of Judgment at Nuremberg	Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Marlene Dietrich, Maximilian Schell, Judy Garland, Montgomery Clift, William Shatner, Werner Klemperer, Kenneth MacKenna, Torben Meyer, Joseph Bernard, Alan Baxter, Edward Binns, Virginia Christine
Who are the actors of Judgment at Nuremberg	Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Marlene Dietrich, Maximilian Schell, Judy Garland, Montgomery Clift, William Shatner, Werner Klemperer, Kenneth MacKenna, Torben Meyer, Joseph Bernard, Alan Baxter, Edward Binns, Virginia Christine
Who are the main actors of Judgment at Nuremberg	Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Marlene Dietrich, Maximilian Schell, Judy Garland, Montgomery Clift, William Shatner, Werner Klemperer, Kenneth MacKenna, Torben Meyer, Joseph Bernard, Alan Baxter, Edward Binns, Virginia Christine
actors of Judgment at Nuremberg?	Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Marlene Dietrich, Maximilian Schell, Judy Garland, Montgomery Clift, William Shatner, Werner Klemperer, Kenneth MacKenna, Torben Meyer, Joseph Bernard, Alan Baxter, Edward Binns, Virginia Christine
description of Judgment at Nuremberg	In 1948, an American court in occupied Germany tries four Nazis judged for war crimes.
What is the description of Judgment at Nuremberg	In 1948, an American court in occupied Germany tries four Nazis judged for war crimes.
description of Judgment at Nuremberg?	In 1948, an American court in occupied Germany tries four Nazis judged for war crimes.
average of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg	8.2
What is the average of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg	8.2
average of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg?	8.2
number of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg	67359
What is the number of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg	67359
number of votes of Judgment at Nuremberg?	67359
budget of Judgment at Nuremberg	$ 3000000
What is the budget of Judgment at Nuremberg	$ 3000000
budget of Judgment at Nuremberg?	$ 3000000
number of reviews from users of Judgment at Nuremberg	217.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Judgment at Nuremberg	217.0
number of reviews from users of Judgment at Nuremberg?	217.0
number of reviews from critics of Judgment at Nuremberg	102.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Judgment at Nuremberg	102.0
number of reviews from critics of Judgment at Nuremberg?	102.0
title of Sherlock Jr.	Sherlock Jr.
What is the title of Sherlock Jr.	Sherlock Jr.
title of Sherlock Jr.?	Sherlock Jr.
year of Sherlock Jr.	1924
What is the year of Sherlock Jr.	1924
year of Sherlock Jr.?	1924
date of Sherlock Jr.	1924-05-11
What is the date of Sherlock Jr.	1924-05-11
date of Sherlock Jr.?	1924-05-11
genre of Sherlock Jr.	Action, Comedy, Romance
What is the genre of Sherlock Jr.	Action, Comedy, Romance
genre of Sherlock Jr.?	Action, Comedy, Romance
duration of Sherlock Jr.	45
What is the duration of Sherlock Jr.	45
duration of Sherlock Jr.?	45
country of Sherlock Jr.	USA
What is the country of Sherlock Jr.	USA
country of Sherlock Jr.?	USA
language of Sherlock Jr.	English
What is the language of Sherlock Jr.	English
language of Sherlock Jr.?	English
director of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton
Who is the director of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton
director of Sherlock Jr.?	Buster Keaton
writer of Sherlock Jr.	Jean C. Havez, Joseph A. Mitchell
Who is the writer of Sherlock Jr.	Jean C. Havez, Joseph A. Mitchell
writer of Sherlock Jr.?	Jean C. Havez, Joseph A. Mitchell
producer of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton Productions
Who is the producer of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton Productions
producer of Sherlock Jr.?	Buster Keaton Productions
actors of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Joe Keaton, Erwin Connelly, Ward Crane
Who are the principle actors of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Joe Keaton, Erwin Connelly, Ward Crane
Who are the actors of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Joe Keaton, Erwin Connelly, Ward Crane
Who are the main actors of Sherlock Jr.	Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Joe Keaton, Erwin Connelly, Ward Crane
actors of Sherlock Jr.?	Buster Keaton, Kathryn McGuire, Joe Keaton, Erwin Connelly, Ward Crane
description of Sherlock Jr.	A film projectionist longs to be a detective, and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend's father's pocketwatch.
What is the description of Sherlock Jr.	A film projectionist longs to be a detective, and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend's father's pocketwatch.
description of Sherlock Jr.?	A film projectionist longs to be a detective, and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend's father's pocketwatch.
average of votes of Sherlock Jr.	8.2
What is the average of votes of Sherlock Jr.	8.2
average of votes of Sherlock Jr.?	8.2
number of votes of Sherlock Jr.	39634
What is the number of votes of Sherlock Jr.	39634
number of votes of Sherlock Jr.?	39634
budget of Sherlock Jr.	nan
What is the budget of Sherlock Jr.	nan
budget of Sherlock Jr.?	nan
number of reviews from users of Sherlock Jr.	321.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Sherlock Jr.	321.0
number of reviews from users of Sherlock Jr.?	321.0
number of reviews from critics of Sherlock Jr.	71.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Sherlock Jr.	71.0
number of reviews from critics of Sherlock Jr.?	71.0
title of To Be or Not to Be	To Be or Not to Be
What is the title of To Be or Not to Be	To Be or Not to Be
title of To Be or Not to Be?	To Be or Not to Be
year of To Be or Not to Be	1942
What is the year of To Be or Not to Be	1942
year of To Be or Not to Be?	1942
date of To Be or Not to Be	1946-12-12
What is the date of To Be or Not to Be	1946-12-12
date of To Be or Not to Be?	1946-12-12
genre of To Be or Not to Be	Comedy, War
What is the genre of To Be or Not to Be	Comedy, War
genre of To Be or Not to Be?	Comedy, War
duration of To Be or Not to Be	99
What is the duration of To Be or Not to Be	99
duration of To Be or Not to Be?	99
country of To Be or Not to Be	USA
What is the country of To Be or Not to Be	USA
country of To Be or Not to Be?	USA
language of To Be or Not to Be	English, German
What is the language of To Be or Not to Be	English, German
language of To Be or Not to Be?	English, German
director of To Be or Not to Be	Ernst Lubitsch
Who is the director of To Be or Not to Be	Ernst Lubitsch
director of To Be or Not to Be?	Ernst Lubitsch
writer of To Be or Not to Be	Melchior Lengyel, Edwin Justus Mayer
Who is the writer of To Be or Not to Be	Melchior Lengyel, Edwin Justus Mayer
writer of To Be or Not to Be?	Melchior Lengyel, Edwin Justus Mayer
producer of To Be or Not to Be	Romaine Film Corporation
Who is the producer of To Be or Not to Be	Romaine Film Corporation
producer of To Be or Not to Be?	Romaine Film Corporation
actors of To Be or Not to Be	Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Stanley Ridges, Sig Ruman, Tom Dugan, Charles Halton, George Lynn, Henry Victor, Maude Eburne, Halliwell Hobbes, Miles Mander
Who are the principle actors of To Be or Not to Be	Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Stanley Ridges, Sig Ruman, Tom Dugan, Charles Halton, George Lynn, Henry Victor, Maude Eburne, Halliwell Hobbes, Miles Mander
Who are the actors of To Be or Not to Be	Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Stanley Ridges, Sig Ruman, Tom Dugan, Charles Halton, George Lynn, Henry Victor, Maude Eburne, Halliwell Hobbes, Miles Mander
Who are the main actors of To Be or Not to Be	Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Stanley Ridges, Sig Ruman, Tom Dugan, Charles Halton, George Lynn, Henry Victor, Maude Eburne, Halliwell Hobbes, Miles Mander
actors of To Be or Not to Be?	Carole Lombard, Jack Benny, Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Stanley Ridges, Sig Ruman, Tom Dugan, Charles Halton, George Lynn, Henry Victor, Maude Eburne, Halliwell Hobbes, Miles Mander
description of To Be or Not to Be	During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.
What is the description of To Be or Not to Be	During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.
description of To Be or Not to Be?	During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.
average of votes of To Be or Not to Be	8.2
What is the average of votes of To Be or Not to Be	8.2
average of votes of To Be or Not to Be?	8.2
number of votes of To Be or Not to Be	27473
What is the number of votes of To Be or Not to Be	27473
number of votes of To Be or Not to Be?	27473
budget of To Be or Not to Be	nan
What is the budget of To Be or Not to Be	nan
budget of To Be or Not to Be?	nan
number of reviews from users of To Be or Not to Be	138.0
What is the number of reviews from users of To Be or Not to Be	138.0
number of reviews from users of To Be or Not to Be?	138.0
number of reviews from critics of To Be or Not to Be	76.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of To Be or Not to Be	76.0
number of reviews from critics of To Be or Not to Be?	76.0
title of Du rififi chez les hommes	Du rififi chez les hommes
What is the title of Du rififi chez les hommes	Du rififi chez les hommes
title of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Du rififi chez les hommes
year of Du rififi chez les hommes	1955
What is the year of Du rififi chez les hommes	1955
year of Du rififi chez les hommes?	1955
date of Du rififi chez les hommes	1957-03-02
What is the date of Du rififi chez les hommes	1957-03-02
date of Du rififi chez les hommes?	1957-03-02
genre of Du rififi chez les hommes	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of Du rififi chez les hommes	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of Du rififi chez les hommes	118
What is the duration of Du rififi chez les hommes	118
duration of Du rififi chez les hommes?	118
country of Du rififi chez les hommes	France
What is the country of Du rififi chez les hommes	France
country of Du rififi chez les hommes?	France
language of Du rififi chez les hommes	French, Italian, English
What is the language of Du rififi chez les hommes	French, Italian, English
language of Du rififi chez les hommes?	French, Italian, English
director of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jules Dassin
Who is the director of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jules Dassin
director of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Jules Dassin
writer of Du rififi chez les hommes	Auguste Le Breton, Jules Dassin
Who is the writer of Du rififi chez les hommes	Auguste Le Breton, Jules Dassin
writer of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Auguste Le Breton, Jules Dassin
producer of Du rififi chez les hommes	Pathé Consortium Cinéma
Who is the producer of Du rififi chez les hommes	Pathé Consortium Cinéma
producer of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Pathé Consortium Cinéma
actors of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jean Servais, Carl Möhner, Robert Manuel, Janine Darcey, Pierre Grasset, Robert Hossein, Marcel Lupovici, Dominique Maurin, Magali Noël, Marie Sabouret, Claude Sylvain, Jules Dassin, Armandel, Alain Bouvette, Alice Garan
Who are the principle actors of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jean Servais, Carl Möhner, Robert Manuel, Janine Darcey, Pierre Grasset, Robert Hossein, Marcel Lupovici, Dominique Maurin, Magali Noël, Marie Sabouret, Claude Sylvain, Jules Dassin, Armandel, Alain Bouvette, Alice Garan
Who are the actors of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jean Servais, Carl Möhner, Robert Manuel, Janine Darcey, Pierre Grasset, Robert Hossein, Marcel Lupovici, Dominique Maurin, Magali Noël, Marie Sabouret, Claude Sylvain, Jules Dassin, Armandel, Alain Bouvette, Alice Garan
Who are the main actors of Du rififi chez les hommes	Jean Servais, Carl Möhner, Robert Manuel, Janine Darcey, Pierre Grasset, Robert Hossein, Marcel Lupovici, Dominique Maurin, Magali Noël, Marie Sabouret, Claude Sylvain, Jules Dassin, Armandel, Alain Bouvette, Alice Garan
actors of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Jean Servais, Carl Möhner, Robert Manuel, Janine Darcey, Pierre Grasset, Robert Hossein, Marcel Lupovici, Dominique Maurin, Magali Noël, Marie Sabouret, Claude Sylvain, Jules Dassin, Armandel, Alain Bouvette, Alice Garan
description of Du rififi chez les hommes	Four men plan a technically perfect crime, but the human element intervenes...
What is the description of Du rififi chez les hommes	Four men plan a technically perfect crime, but the human element intervenes...
description of Du rififi chez les hommes?	Four men plan a technically perfect crime, but the human element intervenes...
average of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes	8.2
What is the average of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes	8.2
average of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes?	8.2
number of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes	26468
What is the number of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes	26468
number of votes of Du rififi chez les hommes?	26468
budget of Du rififi chez les hommes	nan
What is the budget of Du rififi chez les hommes	nan
budget of Du rififi chez les hommes?	nan
number of reviews from users of Du rififi chez les hommes	133.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Du rififi chez les hommes	133.0
number of reviews from users of Du rififi chez les hommes?	133.0
number of reviews from critics of Du rififi chez les hommes	134.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Du rififi chez les hommes	134.0
number of reviews from critics of Du rififi chez les hommes?	134.0
title of Umberto D.	Umberto D.
What is the title of Umberto D.	Umberto D.
title of Umberto D.?	Umberto D.
year of Umberto D.	1952
What is the year of Umberto D.	1952
year of Umberto D.?	1952
date of Umberto D.	1952-09-29
What is the date of Umberto D.	1952-09-29
date of Umberto D.?	1952-09-29
genre of Umberto D.	Drama
What is the genre of Umberto D.	Drama
genre of Umberto D.?	Drama
duration of Umberto D.	89
What is the duration of Umberto D.	89
duration of Umberto D.?	89
country of Umberto D.	Italy
What is the country of Umberto D.	Italy
country of Umberto D.?	Italy
language of Umberto D.	Italian
What is the language of Umberto D.	Italian
language of Umberto D.?	Italian
director of Umberto D.	Vittorio De Sica
Who is the director of Umberto D.	Vittorio De Sica
director of Umberto D.?	Vittorio De Sica
writer of Umberto D.	Cesare Zavattini
Who is the writer of Umberto D.	Cesare Zavattini
writer of Umberto D.?	Cesare Zavattini
producer of Umberto D.	Rizzoli Film
Who is the producer of Umberto D.	Rizzoli Film
producer of Umberto D.?	Rizzoli Film
actors of Umberto D.	Carlo Battisti, Maria Pia Casilio, Lina Gennari, Ileana Simova, Elena Rea, Memmo Carotenuto
Who are the principle actors of Umberto D.	Carlo Battisti, Maria Pia Casilio, Lina Gennari, Ileana Simova, Elena Rea, Memmo Carotenuto
Who are the actors of Umberto D.	Carlo Battisti, Maria Pia Casilio, Lina Gennari, Ileana Simova, Elena Rea, Memmo Carotenuto
Who are the main actors of Umberto D.	Carlo Battisti, Maria Pia Casilio, Lina Gennari, Ileana Simova, Elena Rea, Memmo Carotenuto
actors of Umberto D.?	Carlo Battisti, Maria Pia Casilio, Lina Gennari, Ileana Simova, Elena Rea, Memmo Carotenuto
description of Umberto D.	An elderly man and his dog struggle to survive on his government pension in Rome.
What is the description of Umberto D.	An elderly man and his dog struggle to survive on his government pension in Rome.
description of Umberto D.?	An elderly man and his dog struggle to survive on his government pension in Rome.
average of votes of Umberto D.	8.2
What is the average of votes of Umberto D.	8.2
average of votes of Umberto D.?	8.2
number of votes of Umberto D.	22253
What is the number of votes of Umberto D.	22253
number of votes of Umberto D.?	22253
budget of Umberto D.	nan
What is the budget of Umberto D.	nan
budget of Umberto D.?	nan
number of reviews from users of Umberto D.	100.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Umberto D.	100.0
number of reviews from users of Umberto D.?	100.0
number of reviews from critics of Umberto D.	73.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Umberto D.	73.0
number of reviews from critics of Umberto D.?	73.0
title of A Woman Under the Influence	A Woman Under the Influence
What is the title of A Woman Under the Influence	A Woman Under the Influence
title of A Woman Under the Influence?	A Woman Under the Influence
year of A Woman Under the Influence	1974
What is the year of A Woman Under the Influence	1974
year of A Woman Under the Influence?	1974
date of A Woman Under the Influence	1978-05-06
What is the date of A Woman Under the Influence	1978-05-06
date of A Woman Under the Influence?	1978-05-06
genre of A Woman Under the Influence	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of A Woman Under the Influence	Drama, Romance
genre of A Woman Under the Influence?	Drama, Romance
duration of A Woman Under the Influence	155
What is the duration of A Woman Under the Influence	155
duration of A Woman Under the Influence?	155
country of A Woman Under the Influence	USA
What is the country of A Woman Under the Influence	USA
country of A Woman Under the Influence?	USA
language of A Woman Under the Influence	English, Italian
What is the language of A Woman Under the Influence	English, Italian
language of A Woman Under the Influence?	English, Italian
director of A Woman Under the Influence	John Cassavetes
Who is the director of A Woman Under the Influence	John Cassavetes
director of A Woman Under the Influence?	John Cassavetes
writer of A Woman Under the Influence	John Cassavetes
Who is the writer of A Woman Under the Influence	John Cassavetes
writer of A Woman Under the Influence?	John Cassavetes
producer of A Woman Under the Influence	Faces
Who is the producer of A Woman Under the Influence	Faces
producer of A Woman Under the Influence?	Faces
actors of A Woman Under the Influence	Peter Falk, Gena Rowlands, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands, Katherine Cassavetes, Matthew Labyorteaux, Matthew Cassel, Christina Grisanti, George Dunn, Mario Gallo, Eddie Shaw, Angelo Grisanti, Charles Horvath, James Joyce, John Finnegan
Who are the principle actors of A Woman Under the Influence	Peter Falk, Gena Rowlands, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands, Katherine Cassavetes, Matthew Labyorteaux, Matthew Cassel, Christina Grisanti, George Dunn, Mario Gallo, Eddie Shaw, Angelo Grisanti, Charles Horvath, James Joyce, John Finnegan
Who are the actors of A Woman Under the Influence	Peter Falk, Gena Rowlands, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands, Katherine Cassavetes, Matthew Labyorteaux, Matthew Cassel, Christina Grisanti, George Dunn, Mario Gallo, Eddie Shaw, Angelo Grisanti, Charles Horvath, James Joyce, John Finnegan
Who are the main actors of A Woman Under the Influence	Peter Falk, Gena Rowlands, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands, Katherine Cassavetes, Matthew Labyorteaux, Matthew Cassel, Christina Grisanti, George Dunn, Mario Gallo, Eddie Shaw, Angelo Grisanti, Charles Horvath, James Joyce, John Finnegan
actors of A Woman Under the Influence?	Peter Falk, Gena Rowlands, Fred Draper, Lady Rowlands, Katherine Cassavetes, Matthew Labyorteaux, Matthew Cassel, Christina Grisanti, George Dunn, Mario Gallo, Eddie Shaw, Angelo Grisanti, Charles Horvath, James Joyce, John Finnegan
description of A Woman Under the Influence	Mabel, a wife and mother, is loved by her husband Nick but her mental illness proves to be a problem in the marriage.
What is the description of A Woman Under the Influence	Mabel, a wife and mother, is loved by her husband Nick but her mental illness proves to be a problem in the marriage.
description of A Woman Under the Influence?	Mabel, a wife and mother, is loved by her husband Nick but her mental illness proves to be a problem in the marriage.
average of votes of A Woman Under the Influence	8.2
What is the average of votes of A Woman Under the Influence	8.2
average of votes of A Woman Under the Influence?	8.2
number of votes of A Woman Under the Influence	20587
What is the number of votes of A Woman Under the Influence	20587
number of votes of A Woman Under the Influence?	20587
budget of A Woman Under the Influence	nan
What is the budget of A Woman Under the Influence	nan
budget of A Woman Under the Influence?	nan
number of reviews from users of A Woman Under the Influence	120.0
What is the number of reviews from users of A Woman Under the Influence	120.0
number of reviews from users of A Woman Under the Influence?	120.0
number of reviews from critics of A Woman Under the Influence	90.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of A Woman Under the Influence	90.0
number of reviews from critics of A Woman Under the Influence?	90.0
title of A Face in the Crowd	A Face in the Crowd
What is the title of A Face in the Crowd	A Face in the Crowd
title of A Face in the Crowd?	A Face in the Crowd
year of A Face in the Crowd	1957
What is the year of A Face in the Crowd	1957
year of A Face in the Crowd?	1957
date of A Face in the Crowd	1958-01-10
What is the date of A Face in the Crowd	1958-01-10
date of A Face in the Crowd?	1958-01-10
genre of A Face in the Crowd	Drama, Music
What is the genre of A Face in the Crowd	Drama, Music
genre of A Face in the Crowd?	Drama, Music
duration of A Face in the Crowd	126
What is the duration of A Face in the Crowd	126
duration of A Face in the Crowd?	126
country of A Face in the Crowd	USA
What is the country of A Face in the Crowd	USA
country of A Face in the Crowd?	USA
language of A Face in the Crowd	English
What is the language of A Face in the Crowd	English
language of A Face in the Crowd?	English
director of A Face in the Crowd	Elia Kazan
Who is the director of A Face in the Crowd	Elia Kazan
director of A Face in the Crowd?	Elia Kazan
writer of A Face in the Crowd	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
Who is the writer of A Face in the Crowd	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
writer of A Face in the Crowd?	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
producer of A Face in the Crowd	Newtown Productions
Who is the producer of A Face in the Crowd	Newtown Productions
producer of A Face in the Crowd?	Newtown Productions
actors of A Face in the Crowd	Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Anthony Franciosa, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Percy Waram, Paul McGrath, Rod Brasfield, Marshall Neilan, Alexander Kirkland, Charles Irving, Howard Smith, Kay Medford, Big Jeff Bess, Henry Sharp
Who are the principle actors of A Face in the Crowd	Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Anthony Franciosa, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Percy Waram, Paul McGrath, Rod Brasfield, Marshall Neilan, Alexander Kirkland, Charles Irving, Howard Smith, Kay Medford, Big Jeff Bess, Henry Sharp
Who are the actors of A Face in the Crowd	Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Anthony Franciosa, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Percy Waram, Paul McGrath, Rod Brasfield, Marshall Neilan, Alexander Kirkland, Charles Irving, Howard Smith, Kay Medford, Big Jeff Bess, Henry Sharp
Who are the main actors of A Face in the Crowd	Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Anthony Franciosa, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Percy Waram, Paul McGrath, Rod Brasfield, Marshall Neilan, Alexander Kirkland, Charles Irving, Howard Smith, Kay Medford, Big Jeff Bess, Henry Sharp
actors of A Face in the Crowd?	Andy Griffith, Patricia Neal, Anthony Franciosa, Walter Matthau, Lee Remick, Percy Waram, Paul McGrath, Rod Brasfield, Marshall Neilan, Alexander Kirkland, Charles Irving, Howard Smith, Kay Medford, Big Jeff Bess, Henry Sharp
description of A Face in the Crowd	An Arkansas drifter becomes an overnight media sensation. As he becomes drunk with fame and power, will he ever be exposed as the fraud he has become?
What is the description of A Face in the Crowd	An Arkansas drifter becomes an overnight media sensation. As he becomes drunk with fame and power, will he ever be exposed as the fraud he has become?
description of A Face in the Crowd?	An Arkansas drifter becomes an overnight media sensation. As he becomes drunk with fame and power, will he ever be exposed as the fraud he has become?
average of votes of A Face in the Crowd	8.2
What is the average of votes of A Face in the Crowd	8.2
average of votes of A Face in the Crowd?	8.2
number of votes of A Face in the Crowd	13458
What is the number of votes of A Face in the Crowd	13458
number of votes of A Face in the Crowd?	13458
budget of A Face in the Crowd	nan
What is the budget of A Face in the Crowd	nan
budget of A Face in the Crowd?	nan
number of reviews from users of A Face in the Crowd	176.0
What is the number of reviews from users of A Face in the Crowd	176.0
number of reviews from users of A Face in the Crowd?	176.0
number of reviews from critics of A Face in the Crowd	68.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of A Face in the Crowd	68.0
number of reviews from critics of A Face in the Crowd?	68.0
title of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
What is the title of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
title of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
year of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	1932
What is the year of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	1932
year of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	1932
date of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	1933-11-23
What is the date of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	1933-11-23
date of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	1933-11-23
genre of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
What is the genre of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
genre of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Crime, Drama, Film-Noir
duration of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	92
What is the duration of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	92
duration of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	92
country of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	USA
What is the country of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	USA
country of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	USA
language of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	English
What is the language of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	English
language of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	English
director of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Mervyn LeRoy
Who is the director of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Mervyn LeRoy
director of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Mervyn LeRoy
writer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Robert E. Burns, Howard J. Green
Who is the writer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Robert E. Burns, Howard J. Green
writer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Robert E. Burns, Howard J. Green
producer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Warner Bros.
producer of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Warner Bros.
actors of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Edward Ellis, David Landau, Hale Hamilton, Sally Blane, Louise Carter, Willard Robertson, Robert McWade, Robert Warwick
Who are the principle actors of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Edward Ellis, David Landau, Hale Hamilton, Sally Blane, Louise Carter, Willard Robertson, Robert McWade, Robert Warwick
Who are the actors of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Edward Ellis, David Landau, Hale Hamilton, Sally Blane, Louise Carter, Willard Robertson, Robert McWade, Robert Warwick
Who are the main actors of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Edward Ellis, David Landau, Hale Hamilton, Sally Blane, Louise Carter, Willard Robertson, Robert McWade, Robert Warwick
actors of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Edward Ellis, David Landau, Hale Hamilton, Sally Blane, Louise Carter, Willard Robertson, Robert McWade, Robert Warwick
description of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Wrongly convicted James Allen serves in the intolerable conditions of a southern chain gang, which later comes back to haunt him.
What is the description of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	Wrongly convicted James Allen serves in the intolerable conditions of a southern chain gang, which later comes back to haunt him.
description of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	Wrongly convicted James Allen serves in the intolerable conditions of a southern chain gang, which later comes back to haunt him.
average of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	8.2
What is the average of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	8.2
average of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	8.2
number of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	11390
What is the number of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	11390
number of votes of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	11390
budget of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	$ 195845
What is the budget of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	$ 195845
budget of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	$ 195845
number of reviews from users of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	402.0
What is the number of reviews from users of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	402.0
number of reviews from users of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	402.0
number of reviews from critics of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	47.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	47.0
number of reviews from critics of I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang?	47.0
title of An Hour to Kill	An Hour to Kill
What is the title of An Hour to Kill	An Hour to Kill
title of An Hour to Kill?	An Hour to Kill
year of An Hour to Kill	2018
What is the year of An Hour to Kill	2018
year of An Hour to Kill?	2018
date of An Hour to Kill	2018-06-12
What is the date of An Hour to Kill	2018-06-12
date of An Hour to Kill?	2018-06-12
genre of An Hour to Kill	Action, Comedy, Horror
What is the genre of An Hour to Kill	Action, Comedy, Horror
genre of An Hour to Kill?	Action, Comedy, Horror
duration of An Hour to Kill	96
What is the duration of An Hour to Kill	96
duration of An Hour to Kill?	96
country of An Hour to Kill	USA
What is the country of An Hour to Kill	USA
country of An Hour to Kill?	USA
language of An Hour to Kill	English
What is the language of An Hour to Kill	English
language of An Hour to Kill?	English
director of An Hour to Kill	Aaron K. Carter
Who is the director of An Hour to Kill	Aaron K. Carter
director of An Hour to Kill?	Aaron K. Carter
writer of An Hour to Kill	Aaron K. Carter, Ronnie Jimenez
Who is the writer of An Hour to Kill	Aaron K. Carter, Ronnie Jimenez
writer of An Hour to Kill?	Aaron K. Carter, Ronnie Jimenez
producer of An Hour to Kill	Rotten Productions
Who is the producer of An Hour to Kill	Rotten Productions
producer of An Hour to Kill?	Rotten Productions
actors of An Hour to Kill	Mel Novak, Frankie Pozos, Aaron Guerrero, Amanda Rau, Jola Cora, Stephanie Strehlow, Alexya Garcia, Veronica Ricci, Jeff Rector, Brendan Mitchell, Gabriel Mercado, Luna Meow, Vince Kelvin, Arash Dibazar, Anthony Peter Robinson
Who are the principle actors of An Hour to Kill	Mel Novak, Frankie Pozos, Aaron Guerrero, Amanda Rau, Jola Cora, Stephanie Strehlow, Alexya Garcia, Veronica Ricci, Jeff Rector, Brendan Mitchell, Gabriel Mercado, Luna Meow, Vince Kelvin, Arash Dibazar, Anthony Peter Robinson
Who are the actors of An Hour to Kill	Mel Novak, Frankie Pozos, Aaron Guerrero, Amanda Rau, Jola Cora, Stephanie Strehlow, Alexya Garcia, Veronica Ricci, Jeff Rector, Brendan Mitchell, Gabriel Mercado, Luna Meow, Vince Kelvin, Arash Dibazar, Anthony Peter Robinson
Who are the main actors of An Hour to Kill	Mel Novak, Frankie Pozos, Aaron Guerrero, Amanda Rau, Jola Cora, Stephanie Strehlow, Alexya Garcia, Veronica Ricci, Jeff Rector, Brendan Mitchell, Gabriel Mercado, Luna Meow, Vince Kelvin, Arash Dibazar, Anthony Peter Robinson
actors of An Hour to Kill?	Mel Novak, Frankie Pozos, Aaron Guerrero, Amanda Rau, Jola Cora, Stephanie Strehlow, Alexya Garcia, Veronica Ricci, Jeff Rector, Brendan Mitchell, Gabriel Mercado, Luna Meow, Vince Kelvin, Arash Dibazar, Anthony Peter Robinson
description of An Hour to Kill	Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by sharing horror stories to one another. Which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done?
What is the description of An Hour to Kill	Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by sharing horror stories to one another. Which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done?
description of An Hour to Kill?	Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by sharing horror stories to one another. Which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done?
average of votes of An Hour to Kill	8.2
What is the average of votes of An Hour to Kill	8.2
average of votes of An Hour to Kill?	8.2
number of votes of An Hour to Kill	2154
What is the number of votes of An Hour to Kill	2154
number of votes of An Hour to Kill?	2154
budget of An Hour to Kill	$ 60000
What is the budget of An Hour to Kill	$ 60000
budget of An Hour to Kill?	$ 60000
number of reviews from users of An Hour to Kill	15.0
What is the number of reviews from users of An Hour to Kill	15.0
number of reviews from users of An Hour to Kill?	15.0
number of reviews from critics of An Hour to Kill	108.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of An Hour to Kill	108.0
number of reviews from critics of An Hour to Kill?	108.0
title of Bondage	Bondage
What is the title of Bondage	Bondage
title of Bondage?	Bondage
year of Bondage	2006
What is the year of Bondage	2006
year of Bondage?	2006
date of Bondage	2006-01-01
What is the date of Bondage	2006-01-01
date of Bondage?	2006-01-01
genre of Bondage	Biography, Drama
What is the genre of Bondage	Biography, Drama
genre of Bondage?	Biography, Drama
duration of Bondage	100
What is the duration of Bondage	100
duration of Bondage?	100
country of Bondage	USA
What is the country of Bondage	USA
country of Bondage?	USA
language of Bondage	English
What is the language of Bondage	English
language of Bondage?	English
director of Bondage	Eric Allen Bell
Who is the director of Bondage	Eric Allen Bell
director of Bondage?	Eric Allen Bell
writer of Bondage	Eric Allen Bell
Who is the writer of Bondage	Eric Allen Bell
writer of Bondage?	Eric Allen Bell
producer of Bondage	Roark Media
Who is the producer of Bondage	Roark Media
producer of Bondage?	Roark Media
actors of Bondage	Michael Angarano, Illeana Douglas, Griffin Dunne, Eric Lange, Evan Ellingson, Mae Whitman, Andy Dick, Rocky Marquette, Michael Kenneth Williams, Ezra Buzzington, Robert Zepeda, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Kevin Derkash, Shant Marashlian, Paul Peglar
Who are the principle actors of Bondage	Michael Angarano, Illeana Douglas, Griffin Dunne, Eric Lange, Evan Ellingson, Mae Whitman, Andy Dick, Rocky Marquette, Michael Kenneth Williams, Ezra Buzzington, Robert Zepeda, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Kevin Derkash, Shant Marashlian, Paul Peglar
Who are the actors of Bondage	Michael Angarano, Illeana Douglas, Griffin Dunne, Eric Lange, Evan Ellingson, Mae Whitman, Andy Dick, Rocky Marquette, Michael Kenneth Williams, Ezra Buzzington, Robert Zepeda, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Kevin Derkash, Shant Marashlian, Paul Peglar
Who are the main actors of Bondage	Michael Angarano, Illeana Douglas, Griffin Dunne, Eric Lange, Evan Ellingson, Mae Whitman, Andy Dick, Rocky Marquette, Michael Kenneth Williams, Ezra Buzzington, Robert Zepeda, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Kevin Derkash, Shant Marashlian, Paul Peglar
actors of Bondage?	Michael Angarano, Illeana Douglas, Griffin Dunne, Eric Lange, Evan Ellingson, Mae Whitman, Andy Dick, Rocky Marquette, Michael Kenneth Williams, Ezra Buzzington, Robert Zepeda, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Kevin Derkash, Shant Marashlian, Paul Peglar
description of Bondage	A 16 year old suburban kid escapes an abusive home only to find himself entangled in the California Juvenile Justice system and a psychiatric ward.
What is the description of Bondage	A 16 year old suburban kid escapes an abusive home only to find himself entangled in the California Juvenile Justice system and a psychiatric ward.
description of Bondage?	A 16 year old suburban kid escapes an abusive home only to find himself entangled in the California Juvenile Justice system and a psychiatric ward.
average of votes of Bondage	8.2
What is the average of votes of Bondage	8.2
average of votes of Bondage?	8.2
number of votes of Bondage	1785
What is the number of votes of Bondage	1785
number of votes of Bondage?	1785
budget of Bondage	$ 1700000
What is the budget of Bondage	$ 1700000
budget of Bondage?	$ 1700000
number of reviews from users of Bondage	16.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Bondage	16.0
number of reviews from users of Bondage?	16.0
number of reviews from critics of Bondage	5.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Bondage	5.0
number of reviews from critics of Bondage?	5.0
title of Les misérables	Les misérables
What is the title of Les misérables	Les misérables
title of Les misérables?	Les misérables
year of Les misérables	1934
What is the year of Les misérables	1934
year of Les misérables?	1934
date of Les misérables	1934-02-09
What is the date of Les misérables	1934-02-09
date of Les misérables?	1934-02-09
genre of Les misérables	Drama
What is the genre of Les misérables	Drama
genre of Les misérables?	Drama
duration of Les misérables	281
What is the duration of Les misérables	281
duration of Les misérables?	281
country of Les misérables	France
What is the country of Les misérables	France
country of Les misérables?	France
language of Les misérables	French
What is the language of Les misérables	French
language of Les misérables?	French
director of Les misérables	Raymond Bernard
Who is the director of Les misérables	Raymond Bernard
director of Les misérables?	Raymond Bernard
writer of Les misérables	Victor Hugo, Raymond Bernard
Who is the writer of Les misérables	Victor Hugo, Raymond Bernard
writer of Les misérables?	Victor Hugo, Raymond Bernard
producer of Les misérables	Pathé-Natan
Who is the producer of Les misérables	Pathé-Natan
producer of Les misérables?	Pathé-Natan
actors of Les misérables	Harry Baur, Charles Vanel, Paul Azaïs, Max Dearly, Charles Dullin, Émile Genevois, Henry Krauss, Georges Mauloy, Lucien Nat, Jean Servais, Robert Vidalin, Orane Demazis, Florelle, Josseline Gaël, Marguerite Moreno
Who are the principle actors of Les misérables	Harry Baur, Charles Vanel, Paul Azaïs, Max Dearly, Charles Dullin, Émile Genevois, Henry Krauss, Georges Mauloy, Lucien Nat, Jean Servais, Robert Vidalin, Orane Demazis, Florelle, Josseline Gaël, Marguerite Moreno
Who are the actors of Les misérables	Harry Baur, Charles Vanel, Paul Azaïs, Max Dearly, Charles Dullin, Émile Genevois, Henry Krauss, Georges Mauloy, Lucien Nat, Jean Servais, Robert Vidalin, Orane Demazis, Florelle, Josseline Gaël, Marguerite Moreno
Who are the main actors of Les misérables	Harry Baur, Charles Vanel, Paul Azaïs, Max Dearly, Charles Dullin, Émile Genevois, Henry Krauss, Georges Mauloy, Lucien Nat, Jean Servais, Robert Vidalin, Orane Demazis, Florelle, Josseline Gaël, Marguerite Moreno
actors of Les misérables?	Harry Baur, Charles Vanel, Paul Azaïs, Max Dearly, Charles Dullin, Émile Genevois, Henry Krauss, Georges Mauloy, Lucien Nat, Jean Servais, Robert Vidalin, Orane Demazis, Florelle, Josseline Gaël, Marguerite Moreno
description of Les misérables	The lives of numerous people over the course of 20 years in 19th century France, weaved together by the story of an ex-convict named Jean Valjean on the run from an obsessive police inspector, who pursues him for only a minor offense.
What is the description of Les misérables	The lives of numerous people over the course of 20 years in 19th century France, weaved together by the story of an ex-convict named Jean Valjean on the run from an obsessive police inspector, who pursues him for only a minor offense.
description of Les misérables?	The lives of numerous people over the course of 20 years in 19th century France, weaved together by the story of an ex-convict named Jean Valjean on the run from an obsessive police inspector, who pursues him for only a minor offense.
average of votes of Les misérables	8.2
What is the average of votes of Les misérables	8.2
average of votes of Les misérables?	8.2
number of votes of Les misérables	1501
What is the number of votes of Les misérables	1501
number of votes of Les misérables?	1501
budget of Les misérables	nan
What is the budget of Les misérables	nan
budget of Les misérables?	nan
number of reviews from users of Les misérables	26.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Les misérables	26.0
number of reviews from users of Les misérables?	26.0
number of reviews from critics of Les misérables	22.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Les misérables	22.0
number of reviews from critics of Les misérables?	22.0
title of The Nomads	The Nomads
What is the title of The Nomads	The Nomads
title of The Nomads?	The Nomads
year of The Nomads	2019
What is the year of The Nomads	2019
year of The Nomads?	2019
date of The Nomads	2020-08-24
What is the date of The Nomads	2020-08-24
date of The Nomads?	2020-08-24
genre of The Nomads	Drama, Sport
What is the genre of The Nomads	Drama, Sport
genre of The Nomads?	Drama, Sport
duration of The Nomads	97
What is the duration of The Nomads	97
duration of The Nomads?	97
country of The Nomads	USA
What is the country of The Nomads	USA
country of The Nomads?	USA
language of The Nomads	English
What is the language of The Nomads	English
language of The Nomads?	English
director of The Nomads	Brandon Eric Kamin
Who is the director of The Nomads	Brandon Eric Kamin
director of The Nomads?	Brandon Eric Kamin
writer of The Nomads	Tara Miele
Who is the writer of The Nomads	Tara Miele
writer of The Nomads?	Tara Miele
producer of The Nomads	Bear Bear Productions (II)
Who is the producer of The Nomads	Bear Bear Productions (II)
producer of The Nomads?	Bear Bear Productions (II)
actors of The Nomads	Andrea Barnes, Erik Blachford, Jennifer Butler, Marquese Carroll, Tate Donovan, Bobby Favoretto, Daniel Grace, Hillaire Hess, Simena Jazell, Debbie Lay, Rosa Leger, Christopher Mann, Khalil McMillan, Marla Mindelle, Jeffrey Mowery
Who are the principle actors of The Nomads	Andrea Barnes, Erik Blachford, Jennifer Butler, Marquese Carroll, Tate Donovan, Bobby Favoretto, Daniel Grace, Hillaire Hess, Simena Jazell, Debbie Lay, Rosa Leger, Christopher Mann, Khalil McMillan, Marla Mindelle, Jeffrey Mowery
Who are the actors of The Nomads	Andrea Barnes, Erik Blachford, Jennifer Butler, Marquese Carroll, Tate Donovan, Bobby Favoretto, Daniel Grace, Hillaire Hess, Simena Jazell, Debbie Lay, Rosa Leger, Christopher Mann, Khalil McMillan, Marla Mindelle, Jeffrey Mowery
Who are the main actors of The Nomads	Andrea Barnes, Erik Blachford, Jennifer Butler, Marquese Carroll, Tate Donovan, Bobby Favoretto, Daniel Grace, Hillaire Hess, Simena Jazell, Debbie Lay, Rosa Leger, Christopher Mann, Khalil McMillan, Marla Mindelle, Jeffrey Mowery
actors of The Nomads?	Andrea Barnes, Erik Blachford, Jennifer Butler, Marquese Carroll, Tate Donovan, Bobby Favoretto, Daniel Grace, Hillaire Hess, Simena Jazell, Debbie Lay, Rosa Leger, Christopher Mann, Khalil McMillan, Marla Mindelle, Jeffrey Mowery
description of The Nomads	Amidst the chaos of massive budget cuts and school closures, a newly appointed teacher introduces men's rugby to an inner-city North Philadelphia high school.
What is the description of The Nomads	Amidst the chaos of massive budget cuts and school closures, a newly appointed teacher introduces men's rugby to an inner-city North Philadelphia high school.
description of The Nomads?	Amidst the chaos of massive budget cuts and school closures, a newly appointed teacher introduces men's rugby to an inner-city North Philadelphia high school.
average of votes of The Nomads	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Nomads	8.2
average of votes of The Nomads?	8.2
number of votes of The Nomads	1149
What is the number of votes of The Nomads	1149
number of votes of The Nomads?	1149
budget of The Nomads	$ 1700000
What is the budget of The Nomads	$ 1700000
budget of The Nomads?	$ 1700000
number of reviews from users of The Nomads	12.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Nomads	12.0
number of reviews from users of The Nomads?	12.0
number of reviews from critics of The Nomads	3.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Nomads	3.0
number of reviews from critics of The Nomads?	3.0
title of The System	The System
What is the title of The System	The System
title of The System?	The System
year of The System	2018
What is the year of The System	2018
year of The System?	2018
date of The System	2018-09-28
What is the date of The System	2018-09-28
date of The System?	2018-09-28
genre of The System	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of The System	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
genre of The System?	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
duration of The System	92
What is the duration of The System	92
duration of The System?	92
country of The System	USA
What is the country of The System	USA
country of The System?	USA
language of The System	English
What is the language of The System	English
language of The System?	English
director of The System	Irin Daniels
Who is the director of The System	Irin Daniels
director of The System?	Irin Daniels
writer of The System	Irin Daniels, Reginald Kennedy
Who is the writer of The System	Irin Daniels, Reginald Kennedy
writer of The System?	Irin Daniels, Reginald Kennedy
producer of The System	Marmera Pictures
Who is the producer of The System	Marmera Pictures
producer of The System?	Marmera Pictures
actors of The System	McMagic Cardenas, Reginald Kennedy, Owen Conway, Prince DeBoskie, Alma Marin, Jessica Morgan, Wendell Burris, Kamilah Sheats, Wakena Deboskie, Sliman Ibraahim Al-Shalan, Rea Jean Alcala, Rudy R. Amador, Deana Anderson, Robert Anderson, Blu-Ray Authoring
Who are the principle actors of The System	McMagic Cardenas, Reginald Kennedy, Owen Conway, Prince DeBoskie, Alma Marin, Jessica Morgan, Wendell Burris, Kamilah Sheats, Wakena Deboskie, Sliman Ibraahim Al-Shalan, Rea Jean Alcala, Rudy R. Amador, Deana Anderson, Robert Anderson, Blu-Ray Authoring
Who are the actors of The System	McMagic Cardenas, Reginald Kennedy, Owen Conway, Prince DeBoskie, Alma Marin, Jessica Morgan, Wendell Burris, Kamilah Sheats, Wakena Deboskie, Sliman Ibraahim Al-Shalan, Rea Jean Alcala, Rudy R. Amador, Deana Anderson, Robert Anderson, Blu-Ray Authoring
Who are the main actors of The System	McMagic Cardenas, Reginald Kennedy, Owen Conway, Prince DeBoskie, Alma Marin, Jessica Morgan, Wendell Burris, Kamilah Sheats, Wakena Deboskie, Sliman Ibraahim Al-Shalan, Rea Jean Alcala, Rudy R. Amador, Deana Anderson, Robert Anderson, Blu-Ray Authoring
actors of The System?	McMagic Cardenas, Reginald Kennedy, Owen Conway, Prince DeBoskie, Alma Marin, Jessica Morgan, Wendell Burris, Kamilah Sheats, Wakena Deboskie, Sliman Ibraahim Al-Shalan, Rea Jean Alcala, Rudy R. Amador, Deana Anderson, Robert Anderson, Blu-Ray Authoring
description of The System	Vastly different lives and perspectives become intertwined after a police officer suffering from reoccurring PTSD mistakenly shoots a deaf African-American kid, exposing layers of racial ...
What is the description of The System	Vastly different lives and perspectives become intertwined after a police officer suffering from reoccurring PTSD mistakenly shoots a deaf African-American kid, exposing layers of racial ...
description of The System?	Vastly different lives and perspectives become intertwined after a police officer suffering from reoccurring PTSD mistakenly shoots a deaf African-American kid, exposing layers of racial ...
average of votes of The System	8.2
What is the average of votes of The System	8.2
average of votes of The System?	8.2
number of votes of The System	1141
What is the number of votes of The System	1141
number of votes of The System?	1141
budget of The System	nan
What is the budget of The System	nan
budget of The System?	nan
number of reviews from users of The System	18.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The System	18.0
number of reviews from users of The System?	18.0
number of reviews from critics of The System	1.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The System	1.0
number of reviews from critics of The System?	1.0
title of Live Fast, Die Young	Live Fast, Die Young
What is the title of Live Fast, Die Young	Live Fast, Die Young
title of Live Fast, Die Young?	Live Fast, Die Young
year of Live Fast, Die Young	2008
What is the year of Live Fast, Die Young	2008
year of Live Fast, Die Young?	2008
date of Live Fast, Die Young	2008
What is the date of Live Fast, Die Young	2008
date of Live Fast, Die Young?	2008
genre of Live Fast, Die Young	Drama
What is the genre of Live Fast, Die Young	Drama
genre of Live Fast, Die Young?	Drama
duration of Live Fast, Die Young	101
What is the duration of Live Fast, Die Young	101
duration of Live Fast, Die Young?	101
country of Live Fast, Die Young	USA
What is the country of Live Fast, Die Young	USA
country of Live Fast, Die Young?	USA
language of Live Fast, Die Young	English
What is the language of Live Fast, Die Young	English
language of Live Fast, Die Young?	English
director of Live Fast, Die Young	Timothy A. Chey
Who is the director of Live Fast, Die Young	Timothy A. Chey
director of Live Fast, Die Young?	Timothy A. Chey
writer of Live Fast, Die Young	Timothy A. Chey
Who is the writer of Live Fast, Die Young	Timothy A. Chey
writer of Live Fast, Die Young?	Timothy A. Chey
producer of Live Fast, Die Young	RiverRain Productions
Who is the producer of Live Fast, Die Young	RiverRain Productions
producer of Live Fast, Die Young?	RiverRain Productions
actors of Live Fast, Die Young	Tammy Felice, Eric Feliciano, Joleigh Fiore, William Thomas Jones, Nicole Kingston, Sean Lawlor, Annie Lee, Bryan McMahon, Gary Poux, Christian Roberts, Richard Rossi, Stelio Savante, Christopher Showerman, Carol Abney, Mike Baldridge
Who are the principle actors of Live Fast, Die Young	Tammy Felice, Eric Feliciano, Joleigh Fiore, William Thomas Jones, Nicole Kingston, Sean Lawlor, Annie Lee, Bryan McMahon, Gary Poux, Christian Roberts, Richard Rossi, Stelio Savante, Christopher Showerman, Carol Abney, Mike Baldridge
Who are the actors of Live Fast, Die Young	Tammy Felice, Eric Feliciano, Joleigh Fiore, William Thomas Jones, Nicole Kingston, Sean Lawlor, Annie Lee, Bryan McMahon, Gary Poux, Christian Roberts, Richard Rossi, Stelio Savante, Christopher Showerman, Carol Abney, Mike Baldridge
Who are the main actors of Live Fast, Die Young	Tammy Felice, Eric Feliciano, Joleigh Fiore, William Thomas Jones, Nicole Kingston, Sean Lawlor, Annie Lee, Bryan McMahon, Gary Poux, Christian Roberts, Richard Rossi, Stelio Savante, Christopher Showerman, Carol Abney, Mike Baldridge
actors of Live Fast, Die Young?	Tammy Felice, Eric Feliciano, Joleigh Fiore, William Thomas Jones, Nicole Kingston, Sean Lawlor, Annie Lee, Bryan McMahon, Gary Poux, Christian Roberts, Richard Rossi, Stelio Savante, Christopher Showerman, Carol Abney, Mike Baldridge
description of Live Fast, Die Young	After an A-list star accidentally dies at a Christmas party, a group of ten Hollywood insiders seek redemption.
What is the description of Live Fast, Die Young	After an A-list star accidentally dies at a Christmas party, a group of ten Hollywood insiders seek redemption.
description of Live Fast, Die Young?	After an A-list star accidentally dies at a Christmas party, a group of ten Hollywood insiders seek redemption.
average of votes of Live Fast, Die Young	8.2
What is the average of votes of Live Fast, Die Young	8.2
average of votes of Live Fast, Die Young?	8.2
number of votes of Live Fast, Die Young	790
What is the number of votes of Live Fast, Die Young	790
number of votes of Live Fast, Die Young?	790
budget of Live Fast, Die Young	nan
What is the budget of Live Fast, Die Young	nan
budget of Live Fast, Die Young?	nan
number of reviews from users of Live Fast, Die Young	44.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Live Fast, Die Young	44.0
number of reviews from users of Live Fast, Die Young?	44.0
number of reviews from critics of Live Fast, Die Young	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Live Fast, Die Young	nan
number of reviews from critics of Live Fast, Die Young?	nan
title of Benji the Dove	Benji the Dove
What is the title of Benji the Dove	Benji the Dove
title of Benji the Dove?	Benji the Dove
year of Benji the Dove	2017
What is the year of Benji the Dove	2017
year of Benji the Dove?	2017
date of Benji the Dove	2019-02-18
What is the date of Benji the Dove	2019-02-18
date of Benji the Dove?	2019-02-18
genre of Benji the Dove	Adventure, Drama, Family
What is the genre of Benji the Dove	Adventure, Drama, Family
genre of Benji the Dove?	Adventure, Drama, Family
duration of Benji the Dove	88
What is the duration of Benji the Dove	88
duration of Benji the Dove?	88
country of Benji the Dove	USA
What is the country of Benji the Dove	USA
country of Benji the Dove?	USA
language of Benji the Dove	English
What is the language of Benji the Dove	English
language of Benji the Dove?	English
director of Benji the Dove	Kevin Arbouet
Who is the director of Benji the Dove	Kevin Arbouet
director of Benji the Dove?	Kevin Arbouet
writer of Benji the Dove	Kevin Arbouet, Brandon Dickerson
Who is the writer of Benji the Dove	Kevin Arbouet, Brandon Dickerson
writer of Benji the Dove?	Kevin Arbouet, Brandon Dickerson
producer of Benji the Dove	Fulton Street Entertainment
Who is the producer of Benji the Dove	Fulton Street Entertainment
producer of Benji the Dove?	Fulton Street Entertainment
actors of Benji the Dove	Karen Pittman, Lynn Cohen, Kelly AuCoin, Bridget White, Frances Turner, Royce Johnson, Kathy Searle, George Katt, Sal Rendino, Perry Yung, Suzanne H. Smart, Gene Gabriel, Cameron Moir, Blake Bergman, Aviad Bernstein
Who are the principle actors of Benji the Dove	Karen Pittman, Lynn Cohen, Kelly AuCoin, Bridget White, Frances Turner, Royce Johnson, Kathy Searle, George Katt, Sal Rendino, Perry Yung, Suzanne H. Smart, Gene Gabriel, Cameron Moir, Blake Bergman, Aviad Bernstein
Who are the actors of Benji the Dove	Karen Pittman, Lynn Cohen, Kelly AuCoin, Bridget White, Frances Turner, Royce Johnson, Kathy Searle, George Katt, Sal Rendino, Perry Yung, Suzanne H. Smart, Gene Gabriel, Cameron Moir, Blake Bergman, Aviad Bernstein
Who are the main actors of Benji the Dove	Karen Pittman, Lynn Cohen, Kelly AuCoin, Bridget White, Frances Turner, Royce Johnson, Kathy Searle, George Katt, Sal Rendino, Perry Yung, Suzanne H. Smart, Gene Gabriel, Cameron Moir, Blake Bergman, Aviad Bernstein
actors of Benji the Dove?	Karen Pittman, Lynn Cohen, Kelly AuCoin, Bridget White, Frances Turner, Royce Johnson, Kathy Searle, George Katt, Sal Rendino, Perry Yung, Suzanne H. Smart, Gene Gabriel, Cameron Moir, Blake Bergman, Aviad Bernstein
description of Benji the Dove	A tender tale of four boys who are rapidly coming to terms with school, bullies, friendship, and loyalty. Not to be limited by a poor upbringing, they tap their immense creativity and ...
What is the description of Benji the Dove	A tender tale of four boys who are rapidly coming to terms with school, bullies, friendship, and loyalty. Not to be limited by a poor upbringing, they tap their immense creativity and ...
description of Benji the Dove?	A tender tale of four boys who are rapidly coming to terms with school, bullies, friendship, and loyalty. Not to be limited by a poor upbringing, they tap their immense creativity and ...
average of votes of Benji the Dove	8.2
What is the average of votes of Benji the Dove	8.2
average of votes of Benji the Dove?	8.2
number of votes of Benji the Dove	790
What is the number of votes of Benji the Dove	790
number of votes of Benji the Dove?	790
budget of Benji the Dove	nan
What is the budget of Benji the Dove	nan
budget of Benji the Dove?	nan
number of reviews from users of Benji the Dove	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Benji the Dove	nan
number of reviews from users of Benji the Dove?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Benji the Dove	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Benji the Dove	nan
number of reviews from critics of Benji the Dove?	nan
title of Turnt	Turnt
What is the title of Turnt	Turnt
title of Turnt?	Turnt
year of Turnt	2020
What is the year of Turnt	2020
year of Turnt?	2020
date of Turnt	2020-01-01
What is the date of Turnt	2020-01-01
date of Turnt?	2020-01-01
genre of Turnt	Drama
What is the genre of Turnt	Drama
genre of Turnt?	Drama
duration of Turnt	85
What is the duration of Turnt	85
duration of Turnt?	85
country of Turnt	USA
What is the country of Turnt	USA
country of Turnt?	USA
language of Turnt	English
What is the language of Turnt	English
language of Turnt?	English
director of Turnt	Mann Robinson
Who is the director of Turnt	Mann Robinson
director of Turnt?	Mann Robinson
writer of Turnt	Mann Robinson, Mann Robinson
Who is the writer of Turnt	Mann Robinson, Mann Robinson
writer of Turnt?	Mann Robinson, Mann Robinson
producer of Turnt	Fresh Line Cinema
Who is the producer of Turnt	Fresh Line Cinema
producer of Turnt?	Fresh Line Cinema
actors of Turnt	Marian Berry, Torrei Hart, Benzino, Nicole Alexander, Dennis L.A. White, Mann Robinson, Wankaego Runyon, Loren Lott, Che Mack, Lunden De'Leon, Khalidah Medlock, Jonica Booth, Annetta Asia Mion Brooks, Kristen Hurt, Jamal Woolard
Who are the principle actors of Turnt	Marian Berry, Torrei Hart, Benzino, Nicole Alexander, Dennis L.A. White, Mann Robinson, Wankaego Runyon, Loren Lott, Che Mack, Lunden De'Leon, Khalidah Medlock, Jonica Booth, Annetta Asia Mion Brooks, Kristen Hurt, Jamal Woolard
Who are the actors of Turnt	Marian Berry, Torrei Hart, Benzino, Nicole Alexander, Dennis L.A. White, Mann Robinson, Wankaego Runyon, Loren Lott, Che Mack, Lunden De'Leon, Khalidah Medlock, Jonica Booth, Annetta Asia Mion Brooks, Kristen Hurt, Jamal Woolard
Who are the main actors of Turnt	Marian Berry, Torrei Hart, Benzino, Nicole Alexander, Dennis L.A. White, Mann Robinson, Wankaego Runyon, Loren Lott, Che Mack, Lunden De'Leon, Khalidah Medlock, Jonica Booth, Annetta Asia Mion Brooks, Kristen Hurt, Jamal Woolard
actors of Turnt?	Marian Berry, Torrei Hart, Benzino, Nicole Alexander, Dennis L.A. White, Mann Robinson, Wankaego Runyon, Loren Lott, Che Mack, Lunden De'Leon, Khalidah Medlock, Jonica Booth, Annetta Asia Mion Brooks, Kristen Hurt, Jamal Woolard
description of Turnt	This is a story of a young man named Kenny Stanford who had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short.
What is the description of Turnt	This is a story of a young man named Kenny Stanford who had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short.
description of Turnt?	This is a story of a young man named Kenny Stanford who had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short.
average of votes of Turnt	8.2
What is the average of votes of Turnt	8.2
average of votes of Turnt?	8.2
number of votes of Turnt	718
What is the number of votes of Turnt	718
number of votes of Turnt?	718
budget of Turnt	$ 1000000
What is the budget of Turnt	$ 1000000
budget of Turnt?	$ 1000000
number of reviews from users of Turnt	5.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Turnt	5.0
number of reviews from users of Turnt?	5.0
number of reviews from critics of Turnt	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Turnt	nan
number of reviews from critics of Turnt?	nan
title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle
What is the title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle
title of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle
year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	1999
What is the year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	1999
year of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	1999
date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	1999-05-23
What is the date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	1999-05-23
date of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	1999-05-23
genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Animation, Action, Drama
What is the genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Animation, Action, Drama
genre of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	Animation, Action, Drama
duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	140
What is the duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	140
duration of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	140
country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	USA
What is the country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	USA
country of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	USA
language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	English
What is the language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	English
language of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	English
director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
Who is the director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
director of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	nan
writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
Who is the writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
writer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	nan
producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Image Comics
Who is the producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Image Comics
producer of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	Image Comics
actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the principle actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
Who are the main actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
actors of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	Keith David, Richard Dysart, Dominique Jennings, James Keane, John Rafter Lee, Michael McShane
description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	As Spawn struggles to control his own destiny, he is caught between the forces of Heaven and Hell. Heaven has sent merciless angels to destroy him, while Hell has its own forces beckoning him to serve his rightful master.
What is the description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	As Spawn struggles to control his own destiny, he is caught between the forces of Heaven and Hell. Heaven has sent merciless angels to destroy him, while Hell has its own forces beckoning him to serve his rightful master.
description of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	As Spawn struggles to control his own destiny, he is caught between the forces of Heaven and Hell. Heaven has sent merciless angels to destroy him, while Hell has its own forces beckoning him to serve his rightful master.
average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	8.2
What is the average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	8.2
average of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	8.2
number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	674
What is the number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	674
number of votes of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	674
budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
What is the budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
budget of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	nan
number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
number of reviews from users of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle	nan
number of reviews from critics of Todd McFarlane's Spawn 3: The Ultimate Battle?	nan
title of Loyalty & Respect	Loyalty & Respect
What is the title of Loyalty & Respect	Loyalty & Respect
title of Loyalty & Respect?	Loyalty & Respect
year of Loyalty & Respect	2006
What is the year of Loyalty & Respect	2006
year of Loyalty & Respect?	2006
date of Loyalty & Respect	2006-01-24
What is the date of Loyalty & Respect	2006-01-24
date of Loyalty & Respect?	2006-01-24
genre of Loyalty & Respect	Action, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Loyalty & Respect	Action, Crime, Drama
genre of Loyalty & Respect?	Action, Crime, Drama
duration of Loyalty & Respect	83
What is the duration of Loyalty & Respect	83
duration of Loyalty & Respect?	83
country of Loyalty & Respect	USA
What is the country of Loyalty & Respect	USA
country of Loyalty & Respect?	USA
language of Loyalty & Respect	English
What is the language of Loyalty & Respect	English
language of Loyalty & Respect?	English
director of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash
Who is the director of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash
director of Loyalty & Respect?	Quanie Cash
writer of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash
Who is the writer of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash
writer of Loyalty & Respect?	Quanie Cash
producer of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash Films
Who is the producer of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash Films
producer of Loyalty & Respect?	Quanie Cash Films
actors of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash, Young Buck, C.E.O., Jackie Wade, Mr. C, Lil Quanie Cash, Big Dave, Flake, Chazz Howard, Striker Howard, J-One, Charles N. Reese III, Death Ro, Roc, Jamie Snorten
Who are the principle actors of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash, Young Buck, C.E.O., Jackie Wade, Mr. C, Lil Quanie Cash, Big Dave, Flake, Chazz Howard, Striker Howard, J-One, Charles N. Reese III, Death Ro, Roc, Jamie Snorten
Who are the actors of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash, Young Buck, C.E.O., Jackie Wade, Mr. C, Lil Quanie Cash, Big Dave, Flake, Chazz Howard, Striker Howard, J-One, Charles N. Reese III, Death Ro, Roc, Jamie Snorten
Who are the main actors of Loyalty & Respect	Quanie Cash, Young Buck, C.E.O., Jackie Wade, Mr. C, Lil Quanie Cash, Big Dave, Flake, Chazz Howard, Striker Howard, J-One, Charles N. Reese III, Death Ro, Roc, Jamie Snorten
actors of Loyalty & Respect?	Quanie Cash, Young Buck, C.E.O., Jackie Wade, Mr. C, Lil Quanie Cash, Big Dave, Flake, Chazz Howard, Striker Howard, J-One, Charles N. Reese III, Death Ro, Roc, Jamie Snorten
description of Loyalty & Respect	In Cashville, two friend friends are torn apart by fast money and launch an all out street war where no one can be trusted. Loyalty and Respect is lost over Cash in the city of Cashville.
What is the description of Loyalty & Respect	In Cashville, two friend friends are torn apart by fast money and launch an all out street war where no one can be trusted. Loyalty and Respect is lost over Cash in the city of Cashville.
description of Loyalty & Respect?	In Cashville, two friend friends are torn apart by fast money and launch an all out street war where no one can be trusted. Loyalty and Respect is lost over Cash in the city of Cashville.
average of votes of Loyalty & Respect	8.2
What is the average of votes of Loyalty & Respect	8.2
average of votes of Loyalty & Respect?	8.2
number of votes of Loyalty & Respect	436
What is the number of votes of Loyalty & Respect	436
number of votes of Loyalty & Respect?	436
budget of Loyalty & Respect	nan
What is the budget of Loyalty & Respect	nan
budget of Loyalty & Respect?	nan
number of reviews from users of Loyalty & Respect	2.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Loyalty & Respect	2.0
number of reviews from users of Loyalty & Respect?	2.0
number of reviews from critics of Loyalty & Respect	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Loyalty & Respect	nan
number of reviews from critics of Loyalty & Respect?	nan
title of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Adios Vaya Con Dios
What is the title of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Adios Vaya Con Dios
title of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Adios Vaya Con Dios
year of Adios Vaya Con Dios	2014
What is the year of Adios Vaya Con Dios	2014
year of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	2014
date of Adios Vaya Con Dios	2018-07-09
What is the date of Adios Vaya Con Dios	2018-07-09
date of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	2018-07-09
genre of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of Adios Vaya Con Dios	97
What is the duration of Adios Vaya Con Dios	97
duration of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	97
country of Adios Vaya Con Dios	USA
What is the country of Adios Vaya Con Dios	USA
country of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	USA
language of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Spanish, English
What is the language of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Spanish, English
language of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Spanish, English
director of Adios Vaya Con Dios	La Raza, Marius Iliescu
Who is the director of Adios Vaya Con Dios	La Raza, Marius Iliescu
director of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	La Raza, Marius Iliescu
writer of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Mónica Esmeralda León
Who is the writer of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Mónica Esmeralda León
writer of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Zachary Laoutides, Mónica Esmeralda León
producer of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Ave Fenix Pictures Studios
Who is the producer of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Ave Fenix Pictures Studios
producer of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Ave Fenix Pictures Studios
actors of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Marius Iliescu, Madrid St. Angelo, Ric Morgan, Emmanuel Isaac, Ruby Aceves, Nathan Ayala, Jessica Beligni, John Campanile, Vito Carbonara, Justice Carmon, Kyle Dal Santo, Felicia Danisor, Robert Finlayson, Angel Guzman
Who are the principle actors of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Marius Iliescu, Madrid St. Angelo, Ric Morgan, Emmanuel Isaac, Ruby Aceves, Nathan Ayala, Jessica Beligni, John Campanile, Vito Carbonara, Justice Carmon, Kyle Dal Santo, Felicia Danisor, Robert Finlayson, Angel Guzman
Who are the actors of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Marius Iliescu, Madrid St. Angelo, Ric Morgan, Emmanuel Isaac, Ruby Aceves, Nathan Ayala, Jessica Beligni, John Campanile, Vito Carbonara, Justice Carmon, Kyle Dal Santo, Felicia Danisor, Robert Finlayson, Angel Guzman
Who are the main actors of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Zachary Laoutides, Marius Iliescu, Madrid St. Angelo, Ric Morgan, Emmanuel Isaac, Ruby Aceves, Nathan Ayala, Jessica Beligni, John Campanile, Vito Carbonara, Justice Carmon, Kyle Dal Santo, Felicia Danisor, Robert Finlayson, Angel Guzman
actors of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Zachary Laoutides, Marius Iliescu, Madrid St. Angelo, Ric Morgan, Emmanuel Isaac, Ruby Aceves, Nathan Ayala, Jessica Beligni, John Campanile, Vito Carbonara, Justice Carmon, Kyle Dal Santo, Felicia Danisor, Robert Finlayson, Angel Guzman
description of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Inspired by real events a day of reckoning approaches for Rory, a rising Irish-Mexican street gang member, when his trusted life-long friend Eloy, is released from prison.
What is the description of Adios Vaya Con Dios	Inspired by real events a day of reckoning approaches for Rory, a rising Irish-Mexican street gang member, when his trusted life-long friend Eloy, is released from prison.
description of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	Inspired by real events a day of reckoning approaches for Rory, a rising Irish-Mexican street gang member, when his trusted life-long friend Eloy, is released from prison.
average of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios	8.2
What is the average of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios	8.2
average of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	8.2
number of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios	336
What is the number of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios	336
number of votes of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	336
budget of Adios Vaya Con Dios	$ 1100000
What is the budget of Adios Vaya Con Dios	$ 1100000
budget of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	$ 1100000
number of reviews from users of Adios Vaya Con Dios	8.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Adios Vaya Con Dios	8.0
number of reviews from users of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	8.0
number of reviews from critics of Adios Vaya Con Dios	9.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Adios Vaya Con Dios	9.0
number of reviews from critics of Adios Vaya Con Dios?	9.0
title of The Trail to Oregon!	The Trail to Oregon!
What is the title of The Trail to Oregon!	The Trail to Oregon!
title of The Trail to Oregon!?	The Trail to Oregon!
year of The Trail to Oregon!	2015
What is the year of The Trail to Oregon!	2015
year of The Trail to Oregon!?	2015
date of The Trail to Oregon!	2015-02-14
What is the date of The Trail to Oregon!	2015-02-14
date of The Trail to Oregon!?	2015-02-14
genre of The Trail to Oregon!	Comedy, Musical, Western
What is the genre of The Trail to Oregon!	Comedy, Musical, Western
genre of The Trail to Oregon!?	Comedy, Musical, Western
duration of The Trail to Oregon!	120
What is the duration of The Trail to Oregon!	120
duration of The Trail to Oregon!?	120
country of The Trail to Oregon!	USA
What is the country of The Trail to Oregon!	USA
country of The Trail to Oregon!?	USA
language of The Trail to Oregon!	English
What is the language of The Trail to Oregon!	English
language of The Trail to Oregon!?	English
director of The Trail to Oregon!	Nick Lang
Who is the director of The Trail to Oregon!	Nick Lang
director of The Trail to Oregon!?	Nick Lang
writer of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Nick Lang
Who is the writer of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Nick Lang
writer of The Trail to Oregon!?	Jeff Blim, Nick Lang
producer of The Trail to Oregon!	StarKid Productions
Who is the producer of The Trail to Oregon!	StarKid Productions
producer of The Trail to Oregon!?	StarKid Productions
actors of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Rachael Soglin, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Lauren Lopez, Corey Dorris, Joey Richter
Who are the principle actors of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Rachael Soglin, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Lauren Lopez, Corey Dorris, Joey Richter
Who are the actors of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Rachael Soglin, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Lauren Lopez, Corey Dorris, Joey Richter
Who are the main actors of The Trail to Oregon!	Jeff Blim, Rachael Soglin, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Lauren Lopez, Corey Dorris, Joey Richter
actors of The Trail to Oregon!?	Jeff Blim, Rachael Soglin, Jaime Lyn Beatty, Lauren Lopez, Corey Dorris, Joey Richter
description of The Trail to Oregon!	Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the ...
What is the description of The Trail to Oregon!	Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the ...
description of The Trail to Oregon!?	Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the ...
average of votes of The Trail to Oregon!	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Trail to Oregon!	8.2
average of votes of The Trail to Oregon!?	8.2
number of votes of The Trail to Oregon!	308
What is the number of votes of The Trail to Oregon!	308
number of votes of The Trail to Oregon!?	308
budget of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
What is the budget of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
budget of The Trail to Oregon!?	nan
number of reviews from users of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
number of reviews from users of The Trail to Oregon!?	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Trail to Oregon!	nan
number of reviews from critics of The Trail to Oregon!?	nan
title of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review
What is the title of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review
title of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review
year of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	2010
What is the year of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	2010
year of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	2010
date of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	2010-09-01
What is the date of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	2010-09-01
date of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	2010-09-01
genre of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Comedy
What is the genre of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Comedy
genre of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Comedy
duration of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	67
What is the duration of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	67
duration of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	67
country of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	USA
What is the country of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	USA
country of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	USA
language of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	English
What is the language of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	English
language of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	English
director of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the director of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
director of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who is the writer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
writer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Mike Stoklasa
producer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Red Letter Media
Who is the producer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Red Letter Media
producer of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Red Letter Media
actors of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the principle actors of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the actors of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
Who are the main actors of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	Mike Stoklasa
actors of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	Mike Stoklasa
description of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
What is the description of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
description of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	nan
average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	8.2
What is the average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	8.2
average of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	8.2
number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	297
What is the number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	297
number of votes of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	297
budget of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
What is the budget of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
budget of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	nan
number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
number of reviews from users of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	nan
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
What is the number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review	nan
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review?	nan
title of The Two Pamelas	The Two Pamelas
What is the title of The Two Pamelas	The Two Pamelas
title of The Two Pamelas?	The Two Pamelas
year of The Two Pamelas	2015
What is the year of The Two Pamelas	2015
year of The Two Pamelas?	2015
date of The Two Pamelas	2015
What is the date of The Two Pamelas	2015
date of The Two Pamelas?	2015
genre of The Two Pamelas	Crime, Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of The Two Pamelas	Crime, Drama, Mystery
genre of The Two Pamelas?	Crime, Drama, Mystery
duration of The Two Pamelas	91
What is the duration of The Two Pamelas	91
duration of The Two Pamelas?	91
country of The Two Pamelas	USA
What is the country of The Two Pamelas	USA
country of The Two Pamelas?	USA
language of The Two Pamelas	English
What is the language of The Two Pamelas	English
language of The Two Pamelas?	English
director of The Two Pamelas	Jeff Hathcock
Who is the director of The Two Pamelas	Jeff Hathcock
director of The Two Pamelas?	Jeff Hathcock
writer of The Two Pamelas	Jeff Hathcock
Who is the writer of The Two Pamelas	Jeff Hathcock
writer of The Two Pamelas?	Jeff Hathcock
producer of The Two Pamelas	Media Artist Group Films
Who is the producer of The Two Pamelas	Media Artist Group Films
producer of The Two Pamelas?	Media Artist Group Films
actors of The Two Pamelas	Robert Miano, Jennifer Day, Natalie Alexander, Ilia Yordanov, Corbin Timbrook, Johnathan Hurley, Bailey Gaddis, Silvia Spross, Kristen Dalton, Shelby Janes, P. David Miller, Norm Gold, Leilani Sarelle, Shannon Gibson, Mir Waiss Najibi
Who are the principle actors of The Two Pamelas	Robert Miano, Jennifer Day, Natalie Alexander, Ilia Yordanov, Corbin Timbrook, Johnathan Hurley, Bailey Gaddis, Silvia Spross, Kristen Dalton, Shelby Janes, P. David Miller, Norm Gold, Leilani Sarelle, Shannon Gibson, Mir Waiss Najibi
Who are the actors of The Two Pamelas	Robert Miano, Jennifer Day, Natalie Alexander, Ilia Yordanov, Corbin Timbrook, Johnathan Hurley, Bailey Gaddis, Silvia Spross, Kristen Dalton, Shelby Janes, P. David Miller, Norm Gold, Leilani Sarelle, Shannon Gibson, Mir Waiss Najibi
Who are the main actors of The Two Pamelas	Robert Miano, Jennifer Day, Natalie Alexander, Ilia Yordanov, Corbin Timbrook, Johnathan Hurley, Bailey Gaddis, Silvia Spross, Kristen Dalton, Shelby Janes, P. David Miller, Norm Gold, Leilani Sarelle, Shannon Gibson, Mir Waiss Najibi
actors of The Two Pamelas?	Robert Miano, Jennifer Day, Natalie Alexander, Ilia Yordanov, Corbin Timbrook, Johnathan Hurley, Bailey Gaddis, Silvia Spross, Kristen Dalton, Shelby Janes, P. David Miller, Norm Gold, Leilani Sarelle, Shannon Gibson, Mir Waiss Najibi
description of The Two Pamelas	A young woman awakes on a casting directors couch next to a lifeless body with no recollection of the events that transpired the evening before. This classic Film Noir tale set in modern ...
What is the description of The Two Pamelas	A young woman awakes on a casting directors couch next to a lifeless body with no recollection of the events that transpired the evening before. This classic Film Noir tale set in modern ...
description of The Two Pamelas?	A young woman awakes on a casting directors couch next to a lifeless body with no recollection of the events that transpired the evening before. This classic Film Noir tale set in modern ...
average of votes of The Two Pamelas	8.2
What is the average of votes of The Two Pamelas	8.2
average of votes of The Two Pamelas?	8.2
number of votes of The Two Pamelas	135
What is the number of votes of The Two Pamelas	135
number of votes of The Two Pamelas?	135
budget of The Two Pamelas	nan
What is the budget of The Two Pamelas	nan
budget of The Two Pamelas?	nan
number of reviews from users of The Two Pamelas	5.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Two Pamelas	5.0
number of reviews from users of The Two Pamelas?	5.0
number of reviews from critics of The Two Pamelas	1.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Two Pamelas	1.0
number of reviews from critics of The Two Pamelas?	1.0
title of The Truman Show	The Truman Show
What is the title of The Truman Show	The Truman Show
title of The Truman Show?	The Truman Show
year of The Truman Show	1998
What is the year of The Truman Show	1998
year of The Truman Show?	1998
date of The Truman Show	1998-09-10
What is the date of The Truman Show	1998-09-10
date of The Truman Show?	1998-09-10
genre of The Truman Show	Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of The Truman Show	Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi
genre of The Truman Show?	Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi
duration of The Truman Show	103
What is the duration of The Truman Show	103
duration of The Truman Show?	103
country of The Truman Show	USA
What is the country of The Truman Show	USA
country of The Truman Show?	USA
language of The Truman Show	English
What is the language of The Truman Show	English
language of The Truman Show?	English
director of The Truman Show	Peter Weir
Who is the director of The Truman Show	Peter Weir
director of The Truman Show?	Peter Weir
writer of The Truman Show	Andrew Niccol
Who is the writer of The Truman Show	Andrew Niccol
writer of The Truman Show?	Andrew Niccol
producer of The Truman Show	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of The Truman Show	Paramount Pictures
producer of The Truman Show?	Paramount Pictures
actors of The Truman Show	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor, Brian Delate, Blair Slater, Peter Krause, Heidi Schanz, Ron Taylor, Don Taylor, Ted Raymond, Judy Clayton, Fritz Dominique, Angel Schmiedt
Who are the principle actors of The Truman Show	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor, Brian Delate, Blair Slater, Peter Krause, Heidi Schanz, Ron Taylor, Don Taylor, Ted Raymond, Judy Clayton, Fritz Dominique, Angel Schmiedt
Who are the actors of The Truman Show	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor, Brian Delate, Blair Slater, Peter Krause, Heidi Schanz, Ron Taylor, Don Taylor, Ted Raymond, Judy Clayton, Fritz Dominique, Angel Schmiedt
Who are the main actors of The Truman Show	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor, Brian Delate, Blair Slater, Peter Krause, Heidi Schanz, Ron Taylor, Don Taylor, Ted Raymond, Judy Clayton, Fritz Dominique, Angel Schmiedt
actors of The Truman Show?	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Noah Emmerich, Natascha McElhone, Holland Taylor, Brian Delate, Blair Slater, Peter Krause, Heidi Schanz, Ron Taylor, Don Taylor, Ted Raymond, Judy Clayton, Fritz Dominique, Angel Schmiedt
description of The Truman Show	An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.
What is the description of The Truman Show	An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.
description of The Truman Show?	An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.
average of votes of The Truman Show	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Truman Show	8.1
average of votes of The Truman Show?	8.1
number of votes of The Truman Show	910502
What is the number of votes of The Truman Show	910502
number of votes of The Truman Show?	910502
budget of The Truman Show	$ 60000000
What is the budget of The Truman Show	$ 60000000
budget of The Truman Show?	$ 60000000
number of reviews from users of The Truman Show	1165.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Truman Show	1165.0
number of reviews from users of The Truman Show?	1165.0
number of reviews from critics of The Truman Show	238.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Truman Show	238.0
number of reviews from critics of The Truman Show?	238.0
title of The Sixth Sense	The Sixth Sense
What is the title of The Sixth Sense	The Sixth Sense
title of The Sixth Sense?	The Sixth Sense
year of The Sixth Sense	1999
What is the year of The Sixth Sense	1999
year of The Sixth Sense?	1999
date of The Sixth Sense	1999-10-29
What is the date of The Sixth Sense	1999-10-29
date of The Sixth Sense?	1999-10-29
genre of The Sixth Sense	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of The Sixth Sense	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
genre of The Sixth Sense?	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
duration of The Sixth Sense	107
What is the duration of The Sixth Sense	107
duration of The Sixth Sense?	107
country of The Sixth Sense	USA
What is the country of The Sixth Sense	USA
country of The Sixth Sense?	USA
language of The Sixth Sense	English, Latin, Spanish
What is the language of The Sixth Sense	English, Latin, Spanish
language of The Sixth Sense?	English, Latin, Spanish
director of The Sixth Sense	M. Night Shyamalan
Who is the director of The Sixth Sense	M. Night Shyamalan
director of The Sixth Sense?	M. Night Shyamalan
writer of The Sixth Sense	M. Night Shyamalan
Who is the writer of The Sixth Sense	M. Night Shyamalan
writer of The Sixth Sense?	M. Night Shyamalan
producer of The Sixth Sense	Hollywood Pictures
Who is the producer of The Sixth Sense	Hollywood Pictures
producer of The Sixth Sense?	Hollywood Pictures
actors of The Sixth Sense	Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan, Donnie Wahlberg, Peter Anthony Tambakis, Jeffrey Zubernis, Bruce Norris, Glenn Fitzgerald, Greg Wood, Mischa Barton, Angelica Page, Lisa Summerour, Firdous Bamji
Who are the principle actors of The Sixth Sense	Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan, Donnie Wahlberg, Peter Anthony Tambakis, Jeffrey Zubernis, Bruce Norris, Glenn Fitzgerald, Greg Wood, Mischa Barton, Angelica Page, Lisa Summerour, Firdous Bamji
Who are the actors of The Sixth Sense	Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan, Donnie Wahlberg, Peter Anthony Tambakis, Jeffrey Zubernis, Bruce Norris, Glenn Fitzgerald, Greg Wood, Mischa Barton, Angelica Page, Lisa Summerour, Firdous Bamji
Who are the main actors of The Sixth Sense	Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan, Donnie Wahlberg, Peter Anthony Tambakis, Jeffrey Zubernis, Bruce Norris, Glenn Fitzgerald, Greg Wood, Mischa Barton, Angelica Page, Lisa Summerour, Firdous Bamji
actors of The Sixth Sense?	Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collette, Olivia Williams, Trevor Morgan, Donnie Wahlberg, Peter Anthony Tambakis, Jeffrey Zubernis, Bruce Norris, Glenn Fitzgerald, Greg Wood, Mischa Barton, Angelica Page, Lisa Summerour, Firdous Bamji
description of The Sixth Sense	A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
What is the description of The Sixth Sense	A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
description of The Sixth Sense?	A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.
average of votes of The Sixth Sense	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Sixth Sense	8.1
average of votes of The Sixth Sense?	8.1
number of votes of The Sixth Sense	894385
What is the number of votes of The Sixth Sense	894385
number of votes of The Sixth Sense?	894385
budget of The Sixth Sense	$ 40000000
What is the budget of The Sixth Sense	$ 40000000
budget of The Sixth Sense?	$ 40000000
number of reviews from users of The Sixth Sense	2233.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Sixth Sense	2233.0
number of reviews from users of The Sixth Sense?	2233.0
number of reviews from critics of The Sixth Sense	265.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Sixth Sense	265.0
number of reviews from critics of The Sixth Sense?	265.0
title of Jurassic Park	Jurassic Park
What is the title of Jurassic Park	Jurassic Park
title of Jurassic Park?	Jurassic Park
year of Jurassic Park	1993
What is the year of Jurassic Park	1993
year of Jurassic Park?	1993
date of Jurassic Park	1993-09-17
What is the date of Jurassic Park	1993-09-17
date of Jurassic Park?	1993-09-17
genre of Jurassic Park	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of Jurassic Park	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
genre of Jurassic Park?	Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
duration of Jurassic Park	127
What is the duration of Jurassic Park	127
duration of Jurassic Park?	127
country of Jurassic Park	USA
What is the country of Jurassic Park	USA
country of Jurassic Park?	USA
language of Jurassic Park	English, Spanish
What is the language of Jurassic Park	English, Spanish
language of Jurassic Park?	English, Spanish
director of Jurassic Park	Steven Spielberg
Who is the director of Jurassic Park	Steven Spielberg
director of Jurassic Park?	Steven Spielberg
writer of Jurassic Park	Michael Crichton, Michael Crichton
Who is the writer of Jurassic Park	Michael Crichton, Michael Crichton
writer of Jurassic Park?	Michael Crichton, Michael Crichton
producer of Jurassic Park	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of Jurassic Park	Universal Pictures
producer of Jurassic Park?	Universal Pictures
actors of Jurassic Park	Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, BD Wong, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Gerald R. Molen, Miguel Sandoval, Cameron Thor, Christopher John Fields
Who are the principle actors of Jurassic Park	Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, BD Wong, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Gerald R. Molen, Miguel Sandoval, Cameron Thor, Christopher John Fields
Who are the actors of Jurassic Park	Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, BD Wong, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Gerald R. Molen, Miguel Sandoval, Cameron Thor, Christopher John Fields
Who are the main actors of Jurassic Park	Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, BD Wong, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Gerald R. Molen, Miguel Sandoval, Cameron Thor, Christopher John Fields
actors of Jurassic Park?	Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Bob Peck, Martin Ferrero, BD Wong, Joseph Mazzello, Ariana Richards, Samuel L. Jackson, Wayne Knight, Gerald R. Molen, Miguel Sandoval, Cameron Thor, Christopher John Fields
description of Jurassic Park	A pragmatic paleontologist visiting an almost complete theme park is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose.
What is the description of Jurassic Park	A pragmatic paleontologist visiting an almost complete theme park is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose.
description of Jurassic Park?	A pragmatic paleontologist visiting an almost complete theme park is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose.
average of votes of Jurassic Park	8.1
What is the average of votes of Jurassic Park	8.1
average of votes of Jurassic Park?	8.1
number of votes of Jurassic Park	846021
What is the number of votes of Jurassic Park	846021
number of votes of Jurassic Park?	846021
budget of Jurassic Park	$ 63000000
What is the budget of Jurassic Park	$ 63000000
budget of Jurassic Park?	$ 63000000
number of reviews from users of Jurassic Park	1157.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Jurassic Park	1157.0
number of reviews from users of Jurassic Park?	1157.0
number of reviews from critics of Jurassic Park	350.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Jurassic Park	350.0
number of reviews from critics of Jurassic Park?	350.0
title of Gone Girl	Gone Girl
What is the title of Gone Girl	Gone Girl
title of Gone Girl?	Gone Girl
year of Gone Girl	2014
What is the year of Gone Girl	2014
year of Gone Girl?	2014
date of Gone Girl	2014-12-18
What is the date of Gone Girl	2014-12-18
date of Gone Girl?	2014-12-18
genre of Gone Girl	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
What is the genre of Gone Girl	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
genre of Gone Girl?	Drama, Mystery, Thriller
duration of Gone Girl	149
What is the duration of Gone Girl	149
duration of Gone Girl?	149
country of Gone Girl	USA
What is the country of Gone Girl	USA
country of Gone Girl?	USA
language of Gone Girl	English
What is the language of Gone Girl	English
language of Gone Girl?	English
director of Gone Girl	David Fincher
Who is the director of Gone Girl	David Fincher
director of Gone Girl?	David Fincher
writer of Gone Girl	Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn
Who is the writer of Gone Girl	Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn
writer of Gone Girl?	Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn
producer of Gone Girl	Twentieth Century Fox
Who is the producer of Gone Girl	Twentieth Century Fox
producer of Gone Girl?	Twentieth Century Fox
actors of Gone Girl	Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens, Patrick Fugit, David Clennon, Lisa Banes, Missi Pyle, Emily Ratajkowski, Casey Wilson, Lola Kirke, Boyd Holbrook, Sela Ward
Who are the principle actors of Gone Girl	Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens, Patrick Fugit, David Clennon, Lisa Banes, Missi Pyle, Emily Ratajkowski, Casey Wilson, Lola Kirke, Boyd Holbrook, Sela Ward
Who are the actors of Gone Girl	Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens, Patrick Fugit, David Clennon, Lisa Banes, Missi Pyle, Emily Ratajkowski, Casey Wilson, Lola Kirke, Boyd Holbrook, Sela Ward
Who are the main actors of Gone Girl	Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens, Patrick Fugit, David Clennon, Lisa Banes, Missi Pyle, Emily Ratajkowski, Casey Wilson, Lola Kirke, Boyd Holbrook, Sela Ward
actors of Gone Girl?	Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike, Neil Patrick Harris, Tyler Perry, Carrie Coon, Kim Dickens, Patrick Fugit, David Clennon, Lisa Banes, Missi Pyle, Emily Ratajkowski, Casey Wilson, Lola Kirke, Boyd Holbrook, Sela Ward
description of Gone Girl	With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
What is the description of Gone Girl	With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
description of Gone Girl?	With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
average of votes of Gone Girl	8.1
What is the average of votes of Gone Girl	8.1
average of votes of Gone Girl?	8.1
number of votes of Gone Girl	833485
What is the number of votes of Gone Girl	833485
number of votes of Gone Girl?	833485
budget of Gone Girl	$ 61000000
What is the budget of Gone Girl	$ 61000000
budget of Gone Girl?	$ 61000000
number of reviews from users of Gone Girl	1475.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Gone Girl	1475.0
number of reviews from users of Gone Girl?	1475.0
number of reviews from critics of Gone Girl	623.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Gone Girl	623.0
number of reviews from critics of Gone Girl?	623.0
title of Blade Runner	Blade Runner
What is the title of Blade Runner	Blade Runner
title of Blade Runner?	Blade Runner
year of Blade Runner	1982
What is the year of Blade Runner	1982
year of Blade Runner?	1982
date of Blade Runner	1982-10-14
What is the date of Blade Runner	1982-10-14
date of Blade Runner?	1982-10-14
genre of Blade Runner	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
What is the genre of Blade Runner	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
genre of Blade Runner?	Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller
duration of Blade Runner	117
What is the duration of Blade Runner	117
duration of Blade Runner?	117
country of Blade Runner	USA
What is the country of Blade Runner	USA
country of Blade Runner?	USA
language of Blade Runner	English, German, Cantonese, Japanese, Hungarian, Arabic
What is the language of Blade Runner	English, German, Cantonese, Japanese, Hungarian, Arabic
language of Blade Runner?	English, German, Cantonese, Japanese, Hungarian, Arabic
director of Blade Runner	Ridley Scott
Who is the director of Blade Runner	Ridley Scott
director of Blade Runner?	Ridley Scott
writer of Blade Runner	Hampton Fancher, David Webb Peoples
Who is the writer of Blade Runner	Hampton Fancher, David Webb Peoples
writer of Blade Runner?	Hampton Fancher, David Webb Peoples
producer of Blade Runner	The Ladd Company
Who is the producer of Blade Runner	The Ladd Company
producer of Blade Runner?	The Ladd Company
actors of Blade Runner	Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull, Kevin Thompson, John Edward Allen, Hy Pyke
Who are the principle actors of Blade Runner	Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull, Kevin Thompson, John Edward Allen, Hy Pyke
Who are the actors of Blade Runner	Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull, Kevin Thompson, John Edward Allen, Hy Pyke
Who are the main actors of Blade Runner	Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull, Kevin Thompson, John Edward Allen, Hy Pyke
actors of Blade Runner?	Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, Brion James, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, Morgan Paull, Kevin Thompson, John Edward Allen, Hy Pyke
description of Blade Runner	A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
What is the description of Blade Runner	A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
description of Blade Runner?	A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.
average of votes of Blade Runner	8.1
What is the average of votes of Blade Runner	8.1
average of votes of Blade Runner?	8.1
number of votes of Blade Runner	677998
What is the number of votes of Blade Runner	677998
number of votes of Blade Runner?	677998
budget of Blade Runner	$ 28000000
What is the budget of Blade Runner	$ 28000000
budget of Blade Runner?	$ 28000000
number of reviews from users of Blade Runner	1558.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Blade Runner	1558.0
number of reviews from users of Blade Runner?	1558.0
number of reviews from critics of Blade Runner	257.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Blade Runner	257.0
number of reviews from critics of Blade Runner?	257.0
title of How to Train Your Dragon	How to Train Your Dragon
What is the title of How to Train Your Dragon	How to Train Your Dragon
title of How to Train Your Dragon?	How to Train Your Dragon
year of How to Train Your Dragon	2010
What is the year of How to Train Your Dragon	2010
year of How to Train Your Dragon?	2010
date of How to Train Your Dragon	2010-03-26
What is the date of How to Train Your Dragon	2010-03-26
date of How to Train Your Dragon?	2010-03-26
genre of How to Train Your Dragon	Animation, Action, Adventure
What is the genre of How to Train Your Dragon	Animation, Action, Adventure
genre of How to Train Your Dragon?	Animation, Action, Adventure
duration of How to Train Your Dragon	98
What is the duration of How to Train Your Dragon	98
duration of How to Train Your Dragon?	98
country of How to Train Your Dragon	USA
What is the country of How to Train Your Dragon	USA
country of How to Train Your Dragon?	USA
language of How to Train Your Dragon	English
What is the language of How to Train Your Dragon	English
language of How to Train Your Dragon?	English
director of How to Train Your Dragon	Dean DeBlois, Chris Sanders
Who is the director of How to Train Your Dragon	Dean DeBlois, Chris Sanders
director of How to Train Your Dragon?	Dean DeBlois, Chris Sanders
writer of How to Train Your Dragon	William Davies, Dean DeBlois
Who is the writer of How to Train Your Dragon	William Davies, Dean DeBlois
writer of How to Train Your Dragon?	William Davies, Dean DeBlois
producer of How to Train Your Dragon	DreamWorks Animation
Who is the producer of How to Train Your Dragon	DreamWorks Animation
producer of How to Train Your Dragon?	DreamWorks Animation
actors of How to Train Your Dragon	Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Robin Atkin Downes, Philip McGrade, Kieron Elliott, Ashley Jensen, David Tennant
Who are the principle actors of How to Train Your Dragon	Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Robin Atkin Downes, Philip McGrade, Kieron Elliott, Ashley Jensen, David Tennant
Who are the actors of How to Train Your Dragon	Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Robin Atkin Downes, Philip McGrade, Kieron Elliott, Ashley Jensen, David Tennant
Who are the main actors of How to Train Your Dragon	Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Robin Atkin Downes, Philip McGrade, Kieron Elliott, Ashley Jensen, David Tennant
actors of How to Train Your Dragon?	Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Robin Atkin Downes, Philip McGrade, Kieron Elliott, Ashley Jensen, David Tennant
description of How to Train Your Dragon	A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.
What is the description of How to Train Your Dragon	A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.
description of How to Train Your Dragon?	A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.
average of votes of How to Train Your Dragon	8.1
What is the average of votes of How to Train Your Dragon	8.1
average of votes of How to Train Your Dragon?	8.1
number of votes of How to Train Your Dragon	651499
What is the number of votes of How to Train Your Dragon	651499
number of votes of How to Train Your Dragon?	651499
budget of How to Train Your Dragon	$ 165000000
What is the budget of How to Train Your Dragon	$ 165000000
budget of How to Train Your Dragon?	$ 165000000
number of reviews from users of How to Train Your Dragon	634.0
What is the number of reviews from users of How to Train Your Dragon	634.0
number of reviews from users of How to Train Your Dragon?	634.0
number of reviews from critics of How to Train Your Dragon	311.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of How to Train Your Dragon	311.0
number of reviews from critics of How to Train Your Dragon?	311.0
title of Logan	Logan
What is the title of Logan	Logan
title of Logan?	Logan
year of Logan	2017
What is the year of Logan	2017
year of Logan?	2017
date of Logan	2017-03-01
What is the date of Logan	2017-03-01
date of Logan?	2017-03-01
genre of Logan	Action, Drama, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of Logan	Action, Drama, Sci-Fi
genre of Logan?	Action, Drama, Sci-Fi
duration of Logan	137
What is the duration of Logan	137
duration of Logan?	137
country of Logan	USA
What is the country of Logan	USA
country of Logan?	USA
language of Logan	English, Spanish
What is the language of Logan	English, Spanish
language of Logan?	English, Spanish
director of Logan	James Mangold
Who is the director of Logan	James Mangold
director of Logan?	James Mangold
writer of Logan	James Mangold, Scott Frank
Who is the writer of Logan	James Mangold, Scott Frank
writer of Logan?	James Mangold, Scott Frank
producer of Logan	Twentieth Century Fox
Who is the producer of Logan	Twentieth Century Fox
producer of Logan?	Twentieth Century Fox
actors of Logan	Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Richard E. Grant, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal, Quincy Fouse, Al Coronel, Frank Gallegos, Anthony Escobar, Reynaldo Gallegos, Krzysztof Soszynski
Who are the principle actors of Logan	Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Richard E. Grant, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal, Quincy Fouse, Al Coronel, Frank Gallegos, Anthony Escobar, Reynaldo Gallegos, Krzysztof Soszynski
Who are the actors of Logan	Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Richard E. Grant, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal, Quincy Fouse, Al Coronel, Frank Gallegos, Anthony Escobar, Reynaldo Gallegos, Krzysztof Soszynski
Who are the main actors of Logan	Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Richard E. Grant, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal, Quincy Fouse, Al Coronel, Frank Gallegos, Anthony Escobar, Reynaldo Gallegos, Krzysztof Soszynski
actors of Logan?	Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, Elizabeth Rodriguez, Richard E. Grant, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal, Quincy Fouse, Al Coronel, Frank Gallegos, Anthony Escobar, Reynaldo Gallegos, Krzysztof Soszynski
description of Logan	In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety.
What is the description of Logan	In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety.
description of Logan?	In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety.
average of votes of Logan	8.1
What is the average of votes of Logan	8.1
average of votes of Logan?	8.1
number of votes of Logan	627493
What is the number of votes of Logan	627493
number of votes of Logan?	627493
budget of Logan	$ 97000000
What is the budget of Logan	$ 97000000
budget of Logan?	$ 97000000
number of reviews from users of Logan	1574.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Logan	1574.0
number of reviews from users of Logan?	1574.0
number of reviews from critics of Logan	644.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Logan	644.0
number of reviews from critics of Logan?	644.0
title of Million Dollar Baby	Million Dollar Baby
What is the title of Million Dollar Baby	Million Dollar Baby
title of Million Dollar Baby?	Million Dollar Baby
year of Million Dollar Baby	2004
What is the year of Million Dollar Baby	2004
year of Million Dollar Baby?	2004
date of Million Dollar Baby	2005-02-18
What is the date of Million Dollar Baby	2005-02-18
date of Million Dollar Baby?	2005-02-18
genre of Million Dollar Baby	Drama, Sport
What is the genre of Million Dollar Baby	Drama, Sport
genre of Million Dollar Baby?	Drama, Sport
duration of Million Dollar Baby	132
What is the duration of Million Dollar Baby	132
duration of Million Dollar Baby?	132
country of Million Dollar Baby	USA
What is the country of Million Dollar Baby	USA
country of Million Dollar Baby?	USA
language of Million Dollar Baby	English, Irish
What is the language of Million Dollar Baby	English, Irish
language of Million Dollar Baby?	English, Irish
director of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood
Who is the director of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood
director of Million Dollar Baby?	Clint Eastwood
writer of Million Dollar Baby	Paul Haggis, F.X. Toole
Who is the writer of Million Dollar Baby	Paul Haggis, F.X. Toole
writer of Million Dollar Baby?	Paul Haggis, F.X. Toole
producer of Million Dollar Baby	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of Million Dollar Baby	Warner Bros.
producer of Million Dollar Baby?	Warner Bros.
actors of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Brían F. O'Byrne, Anthony Mackie, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome, Michael Peña, Benito Martinez, Bruce MacVittie, David Powledge, Joe D'Angerio
Who are the principle actors of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Brían F. O'Byrne, Anthony Mackie, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome, Michael Peña, Benito Martinez, Bruce MacVittie, David Powledge, Joe D'Angerio
Who are the actors of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Brían F. O'Byrne, Anthony Mackie, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome, Michael Peña, Benito Martinez, Bruce MacVittie, David Powledge, Joe D'Angerio
Who are the main actors of Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Brían F. O'Byrne, Anthony Mackie, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome, Michael Peña, Benito Martinez, Bruce MacVittie, David Powledge, Joe D'Angerio
actors of Million Dollar Baby?	Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank, Morgan Freeman, Jay Baruchel, Mike Colter, Lucia Rijker, Brían F. O'Byrne, Anthony Mackie, Margo Martindale, Riki Lindhome, Michael Peña, Benito Martinez, Bruce MacVittie, David Powledge, Joe D'Angerio
description of Million Dollar Baby	A determined woman works with a hardened boxing trainer to become a professional.
What is the description of Million Dollar Baby	A determined woman works with a hardened boxing trainer to become a professional.
description of Million Dollar Baby?	A determined woman works with a hardened boxing trainer to become a professional.
average of votes of Million Dollar Baby	8.1
What is the average of votes of Million Dollar Baby	8.1
average of votes of Million Dollar Baby?	8.1
number of votes of Million Dollar Baby	623282
What is the number of votes of Million Dollar Baby	623282
number of votes of Million Dollar Baby?	623282
budget of Million Dollar Baby	$ 30000000
What is the budget of Million Dollar Baby	$ 30000000
budget of Million Dollar Baby?	$ 30000000
number of reviews from users of Million Dollar Baby	1230.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Million Dollar Baby	1230.0
number of reviews from users of Million Dollar Baby?	1230.0
number of reviews from critics of Million Dollar Baby	266.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Million Dollar Baby	266.0
number of reviews from critics of Million Dollar Baby?	266.0
title of Inside Out	Inside Out
What is the title of Inside Out	Inside Out
title of Inside Out?	Inside Out
year of Inside Out	2015
What is the year of Inside Out	2015
year of Inside Out?	2015
date of Inside Out	2015-09-16
What is the date of Inside Out	2015-09-16
date of Inside Out?	2015-09-16
genre of Inside Out	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
What is the genre of Inside Out	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
genre of Inside Out?	Animation, Adventure, Comedy
duration of Inside Out	95
What is the duration of Inside Out	95
duration of Inside Out?	95
country of Inside Out	USA
What is the country of Inside Out	USA
country of Inside Out?	USA
language of Inside Out	English
What is the language of Inside Out	English
language of Inside Out?	English
director of Inside Out	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
Who is the director of Inside Out	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
director of Inside Out?	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
writer of Inside Out	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
Who is the writer of Inside Out	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
writer of Inside Out?	Pete Docter, Ronnie Del Carmen
producer of Inside Out	Pixar Animation Studios
Who is the producer of Inside Out	Pixar Animation Studios
producer of Inside Out?	Pixar Animation Studios
actors of Inside Out	Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Richard Kind, Bill Hader, Lewis Black, Mindy Kaling, Kaitlyn Dias, Diane Lane, Kyle MacLachlan, Paula Poundstone, Bobby Moynihan, Paula Pell, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz, Josh Cooley
Who are the principle actors of Inside Out	Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Richard Kind, Bill Hader, Lewis Black, Mindy Kaling, Kaitlyn Dias, Diane Lane, Kyle MacLachlan, Paula Poundstone, Bobby Moynihan, Paula Pell, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz, Josh Cooley
Who are the actors of Inside Out	Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Richard Kind, Bill Hader, Lewis Black, Mindy Kaling, Kaitlyn Dias, Diane Lane, Kyle MacLachlan, Paula Poundstone, Bobby Moynihan, Paula Pell, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz, Josh Cooley
Who are the main actors of Inside Out	Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Richard Kind, Bill Hader, Lewis Black, Mindy Kaling, Kaitlyn Dias, Diane Lane, Kyle MacLachlan, Paula Poundstone, Bobby Moynihan, Paula Pell, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz, Josh Cooley
actors of Inside Out?	Amy Poehler, Phyllis Smith, Richard Kind, Bill Hader, Lewis Black, Mindy Kaling, Kaitlyn Dias, Diane Lane, Kyle MacLachlan, Paula Poundstone, Bobby Moynihan, Paula Pell, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz, Josh Cooley
description of Inside Out	After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school.
What is the description of Inside Out	After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school.
description of Inside Out?	After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school.
average of votes of Inside Out	8.1
What is the average of votes of Inside Out	8.1
average of votes of Inside Out?	8.1
number of votes of Inside Out	592575
What is the number of votes of Inside Out	592575
number of votes of Inside Out?	592575
budget of Inside Out	$ 175000000
What is the budget of Inside Out	$ 175000000
budget of Inside Out?	$ 175000000
number of reviews from users of Inside Out	1034.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Inside Out	1034.0
number of reviews from users of Inside Out?	1034.0
number of reviews from critics of Inside Out	589.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Inside Out	589.0
number of reviews from critics of Inside Out?	589.0
title of Prisoners	Prisoners
What is the title of Prisoners	Prisoners
title of Prisoners?	Prisoners
year of Prisoners	2013
What is the year of Prisoners	2013
year of Prisoners?	2013
date of Prisoners	2013-11-07
What is the date of Prisoners	2013-11-07
date of Prisoners?	2013-11-07
genre of Prisoners	Crime, Drama, Mystery
What is the genre of Prisoners	Crime, Drama, Mystery
genre of Prisoners?	Crime, Drama, Mystery
duration of Prisoners	153
What is the duration of Prisoners	153
duration of Prisoners?	153
country of Prisoners	USA
What is the country of Prisoners	USA
country of Prisoners?	USA
language of Prisoners	English
What is the language of Prisoners	English
language of Prisoners?	English
director of Prisoners	Denis Villeneuve
Who is the director of Prisoners	Denis Villeneuve
director of Prisoners?	Denis Villeneuve
writer of Prisoners	Aaron Guzikowski
Who is the writer of Prisoners	Aaron Guzikowski
writer of Prisoners?	Aaron Guzikowski
producer of Prisoners	Alcon Entertainment
Who is the producer of Prisoners	Alcon Entertainment
producer of Prisoners?	Alcon Entertainment
actors of Prisoners	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano, Dylan Minnette, Zoë Soul, Erin Gerasimovich, Kyla-Drew, Wayne Duvall, Len Cariou, David Dastmalchian, Brad James
Who are the principle actors of Prisoners	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano, Dylan Minnette, Zoë Soul, Erin Gerasimovich, Kyla-Drew, Wayne Duvall, Len Cariou, David Dastmalchian, Brad James
Who are the actors of Prisoners	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano, Dylan Minnette, Zoë Soul, Erin Gerasimovich, Kyla-Drew, Wayne Duvall, Len Cariou, David Dastmalchian, Brad James
Who are the main actors of Prisoners	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano, Dylan Minnette, Zoë Soul, Erin Gerasimovich, Kyla-Drew, Wayne Duvall, Len Cariou, David Dastmalchian, Brad James
actors of Prisoners?	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Viola Davis, Maria Bello, Terrence Howard, Melissa Leo, Paul Dano, Dylan Minnette, Zoë Soul, Erin Gerasimovich, Kyla-Drew, Wayne Duvall, Len Cariou, David Dastmalchian, Brad James
description of Prisoners	When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.
What is the description of Prisoners	When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.
description of Prisoners?	When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.
average of votes of Prisoners	8.1
What is the average of votes of Prisoners	8.1
average of votes of Prisoners?	8.1
number of votes of Prisoners	581167
What is the number of votes of Prisoners	581167
number of votes of Prisoners?	581167
budget of Prisoners	$ 46000000
What is the budget of Prisoners	$ 46000000
budget of Prisoners?	$ 46000000
number of reviews from users of Prisoners	914.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Prisoners	914.0
number of reviews from users of Prisoners?	914.0
number of reviews from critics of Prisoners	494.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Prisoners	494.0
number of reviews from critics of Prisoners?	494.0
title of Into the Wild	Into the Wild
What is the title of Into the Wild	Into the Wild
title of Into the Wild?	Into the Wild
year of Into the Wild	2007
What is the year of Into the Wild	2007
year of Into the Wild?	2007
date of Into the Wild	2008-01-25
What is the date of Into the Wild	2008-01-25
date of Into the Wild?	2008-01-25
genre of Into the Wild	Adventure, Biography, Drama
What is the genre of Into the Wild	Adventure, Biography, Drama
genre of Into the Wild?	Adventure, Biography, Drama
duration of Into the Wild	148
What is the duration of Into the Wild	148
duration of Into the Wild?	148
country of Into the Wild	USA
What is the country of Into the Wild	USA
country of Into the Wild?	USA
language of Into the Wild	English, Danish
What is the language of Into the Wild	English, Danish
language of Into the Wild?	English, Danish
director of Into the Wild	Sean Penn
Who is the director of Into the Wild	Sean Penn
director of Into the Wild?	Sean Penn
writer of Into the Wild	Sean Penn, Jon Krakauer
Who is the writer of Into the Wild	Sean Penn, Jon Krakauer
writer of Into the Wild?	Sean Penn, Jon Krakauer
producer of Into the Wild	Paramount Vantage
Who is the producer of Into the Wild	Paramount Vantage
producer of Into the Wild?	Paramount Vantage
actors of Into the Wild	Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian H. Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Jim Gallien, James O'Neill, Malinda McCollum, Paul Knauls, Zach Galifianakis, Craig Mutsch
Who are the principle actors of Into the Wild	Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian H. Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Jim Gallien, James O'Neill, Malinda McCollum, Paul Knauls, Zach Galifianakis, Craig Mutsch
Who are the actors of Into the Wild	Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian H. Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Jim Gallien, James O'Neill, Malinda McCollum, Paul Knauls, Zach Galifianakis, Craig Mutsch
Who are the main actors of Into the Wild	Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian H. Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Jim Gallien, James O'Neill, Malinda McCollum, Paul Knauls, Zach Galifianakis, Craig Mutsch
actors of Into the Wild?	Emile Hirsch, Marcia Gay Harden, William Hurt, Jena Malone, Brian H. Dierker, Catherine Keener, Vince Vaughn, Kristen Stewart, Hal Holbrook, Jim Gallien, James O'Neill, Malinda McCollum, Paul Knauls, Zach Galifianakis, Craig Mutsch
description of Into the Wild	After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life.
What is the description of Into the Wild	After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life.
description of Into the Wild?	After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life.
average of votes of Into the Wild	8.1
What is the average of votes of Into the Wild	8.1
average of votes of Into the Wild?	8.1
number of votes of Into the Wild	560692
What is the number of votes of Into the Wild	560692
number of votes of Into the Wild?	560692
budget of Into the Wild	$ 15000000
What is the budget of Into the Wild	$ 15000000
budget of Into the Wild?	$ 15000000
number of reviews from users of Into the Wild	954.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Into the Wild	954.0
number of reviews from users of Into the Wild?	954.0
number of reviews from critics of Into the Wild	245.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Into the Wild	245.0
number of reviews from critics of Into the Wild?	245.0
title of Rocky	Rocky
What is the title of Rocky	Rocky
title of Rocky?	Rocky
year of Rocky	1976
What is the year of Rocky	1976
year of Rocky?	1976
date of Rocky	1977-03-25
What is the date of Rocky	1977-03-25
date of Rocky?	1977-03-25
genre of Rocky	Drama, Sport
What is the genre of Rocky	Drama, Sport
genre of Rocky?	Drama, Sport
duration of Rocky	120
What is the duration of Rocky	120
duration of Rocky?	120
country of Rocky	USA
What is the country of Rocky	USA
country of Rocky?	USA
language of Rocky	English
What is the language of Rocky	English
language of Rocky?	English
director of Rocky	John G. Avildsen
Who is the director of Rocky	John G. Avildsen
director of Rocky?	John G. Avildsen
writer of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone
Who is the writer of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone
writer of Rocky?	Sylvester Stallone
producer of Rocky	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
Who is the producer of Rocky	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
producer of Rocky?	Chartoff-Winkler Productions
actors of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin, Al Silvani, George Memmoli, Jodi Letizia, Diana Lewis, George O'Hanlon, Larry Carroll
Who are the principle actors of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin, Al Silvani, George Memmoli, Jodi Letizia, Diana Lewis, George O'Hanlon, Larry Carroll
Who are the actors of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin, Al Silvani, George Memmoli, Jodi Letizia, Diana Lewis, George O'Hanlon, Larry Carroll
Who are the main actors of Rocky	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin, Al Silvani, George Memmoli, Jodi Letizia, Diana Lewis, George O'Hanlon, Larry Carroll
actors of Rocky?	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers, Burgess Meredith, Thayer David, Joe Spinell, Jimmy Gambina, Bill Baldwin, Al Silvani, George Memmoli, Jodi Letizia, Diana Lewis, George O'Hanlon, Larry Carroll
description of Rocky	A small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight a heavy-weight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.
What is the description of Rocky	A small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight a heavy-weight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.
description of Rocky?	A small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight a heavy-weight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.
average of votes of Rocky	8.1
What is the average of votes of Rocky	8.1
average of votes of Rocky?	8.1
number of votes of Rocky	506246
What is the number of votes of Rocky	506246
number of votes of Rocky?	506246
budget of Rocky	$ 960000
What is the budget of Rocky	$ 960000
budget of Rocky?	$ 960000
number of reviews from users of Rocky	705.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Rocky	705.0
number of reviews from users of Rocky?	705.0
number of reviews from critics of Rocky	184.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Rocky	184.0
number of reviews from critics of Rocky?	184.0
title of Dead Poets Society	Dead Poets Society
What is the title of Dead Poets Society	Dead Poets Society
title of Dead Poets Society?	Dead Poets Society
year of Dead Poets Society	1989
What is the year of Dead Poets Society	1989
year of Dead Poets Society?	1989
date of Dead Poets Society	1989-09-29
What is the date of Dead Poets Society	1989-09-29
date of Dead Poets Society?	1989-09-29
genre of Dead Poets Society	Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of Dead Poets Society	Comedy, Drama
genre of Dead Poets Society?	Comedy, Drama
duration of Dead Poets Society	128
What is the duration of Dead Poets Society	128
duration of Dead Poets Society?	128
country of Dead Poets Society	USA
What is the country of Dead Poets Society	USA
country of Dead Poets Society?	USA
language of Dead Poets Society	English, Latin
What is the language of Dead Poets Society	English, Latin
language of Dead Poets Society?	English, Latin
director of Dead Poets Society	Peter Weir
Who is the director of Dead Poets Society	Peter Weir
director of Dead Poets Society?	Peter Weir
writer of Dead Poets Society	Tom Schulman
Who is the writer of Dead Poets Society	Tom Schulman
writer of Dead Poets Society?	Tom Schulman
producer of Dead Poets Society	Touchstone Pictures
Who is the producer of Dead Poets Society	Touchstone Pictures
producer of Dead Poets Society?	Touchstone Pictures
actors of Dead Poets Society	Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, Gale Hansen, Dylan Kussman, Allelon Ruggiero, James Waterston, Norman Lloyd, Kurtwood Smith, Carla Belver, Leon Pownall, George Martin, Joe Aufiery, Matt Carey
Who are the principle actors of Dead Poets Society	Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, Gale Hansen, Dylan Kussman, Allelon Ruggiero, James Waterston, Norman Lloyd, Kurtwood Smith, Carla Belver, Leon Pownall, George Martin, Joe Aufiery, Matt Carey
Who are the actors of Dead Poets Society	Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, Gale Hansen, Dylan Kussman, Allelon Ruggiero, James Waterston, Norman Lloyd, Kurtwood Smith, Carla Belver, Leon Pownall, George Martin, Joe Aufiery, Matt Carey
Who are the main actors of Dead Poets Society	Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, Gale Hansen, Dylan Kussman, Allelon Ruggiero, James Waterston, Norman Lloyd, Kurtwood Smith, Carla Belver, Leon Pownall, George Martin, Joe Aufiery, Matt Carey
actors of Dead Poets Society?	Robin Williams, Robert Sean Leonard, Ethan Hawke, Josh Charles, Gale Hansen, Dylan Kussman, Allelon Ruggiero, James Waterston, Norman Lloyd, Kurtwood Smith, Carla Belver, Leon Pownall, George Martin, Joe Aufiery, Matt Carey
description of Dead Poets Society	Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.
What is the description of Dead Poets Society	Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.
description of Dead Poets Society?	Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.
average of votes of Dead Poets Society	8.1
What is the average of votes of Dead Poets Society	8.1
average of votes of Dead Poets Society?	8.1
number of votes of Dead Poets Society	411182
What is the number of votes of Dead Poets Society	411182
number of votes of Dead Poets Society?	411182
budget of Dead Poets Society	$ 16400000
What is the budget of Dead Poets Society	$ 16400000
budget of Dead Poets Society?	$ 16400000
number of reviews from users of Dead Poets Society	634.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Dead Poets Society	634.0
number of reviews from users of Dead Poets Society?	634.0
number of reviews from critics of Dead Poets Society	106.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Dead Poets Society	106.0
number of reviews from critics of Dead Poets Society?	106.0
title of Spotlight	Spotlight
What is the title of Spotlight	Spotlight
title of Spotlight?	Spotlight
year of Spotlight	2015
What is the year of Spotlight	2015
year of Spotlight?	2015
date of Spotlight	2016-02-18
What is the date of Spotlight	2016-02-18
date of Spotlight?	2016-02-18
genre of Spotlight	Biography, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Spotlight	Biography, Crime, Drama
genre of Spotlight?	Biography, Crime, Drama
duration of Spotlight	129
What is the duration of Spotlight	129
duration of Spotlight?	129
country of Spotlight	USA
What is the country of Spotlight	USA
country of Spotlight?	USA
language of Spotlight	English
What is the language of Spotlight	English
language of Spotlight?	English
director of Spotlight	Tom McCarthy
Who is the director of Spotlight	Tom McCarthy
director of Spotlight?	Tom McCarthy
writer of Spotlight	Josh Singer, Tom McCarthy
Who is the writer of Spotlight	Josh Singer, Tom McCarthy
writer of Spotlight?	Josh Singer, Tom McCarthy
producer of Spotlight	Participant
Who is the producer of Spotlight	Participant
producer of Spotlight?	Participant
actors of Spotlight	Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Elena Wohl, Gene Amoroso, Doug Murray, Sharon McFarlane, Jamey Sheridan, Neal Huff, Billy Crudup, Robert B. Kennedy
Who are the principle actors of Spotlight	Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Elena Wohl, Gene Amoroso, Doug Murray, Sharon McFarlane, Jamey Sheridan, Neal Huff, Billy Crudup, Robert B. Kennedy
Who are the actors of Spotlight	Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Elena Wohl, Gene Amoroso, Doug Murray, Sharon McFarlane, Jamey Sheridan, Neal Huff, Billy Crudup, Robert B. Kennedy
Who are the main actors of Spotlight	Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Elena Wohl, Gene Amoroso, Doug Murray, Sharon McFarlane, Jamey Sheridan, Neal Huff, Billy Crudup, Robert B. Kennedy
actors of Spotlight?	Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, Liev Schreiber, John Slattery, Brian d'Arcy James, Stanley Tucci, Elena Wohl, Gene Amoroso, Doug Murray, Sharon McFarlane, Jamey Sheridan, Neal Huff, Billy Crudup, Robert B. Kennedy
description of Spotlight	The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
What is the description of Spotlight	The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
description of Spotlight?	The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
average of votes of Spotlight	8.1
What is the average of votes of Spotlight	8.1
average of votes of Spotlight?	8.1
number of votes of Spotlight	406847
What is the number of votes of Spotlight	406847
number of votes of Spotlight?	406847
budget of Spotlight	$ 20000000
What is the budget of Spotlight	$ 20000000
budget of Spotlight?	$ 20000000
number of reviews from users of Spotlight	615.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Spotlight	615.0
number of reviews from users of Spotlight?	615.0
number of reviews from critics of Spotlight	533.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Spotlight	533.0
number of reviews from critics of Spotlight?	533.0
title of The Princess Bride	The Princess Bride
What is the title of The Princess Bride	The Princess Bride
title of The Princess Bride?	The Princess Bride
year of The Princess Bride	1987
What is the year of The Princess Bride	1987
year of The Princess Bride?	1987
date of The Princess Bride	1988-03-31
What is the date of The Princess Bride	1988-03-31
date of The Princess Bride?	1988-03-31
genre of The Princess Bride	Adventure, Family, Fantasy
What is the genre of The Princess Bride	Adventure, Family, Fantasy
genre of The Princess Bride?	Adventure, Family, Fantasy
duration of The Princess Bride	98
What is the duration of The Princess Bride	98
duration of The Princess Bride?	98
country of The Princess Bride	USA
What is the country of The Princess Bride	USA
country of The Princess Bride?	USA
language of The Princess Bride	English
What is the language of The Princess Bride	English
language of The Princess Bride?	English
director of The Princess Bride	Rob Reiner
Who is the director of The Princess Bride	Rob Reiner
director of The Princess Bride?	Rob Reiner
writer of The Princess Bride	William Goldman, William Goldman
Who is the writer of The Princess Bride	William Goldman, William Goldman
writer of The Princess Bride?	William Goldman, William Goldman
producer of The Princess Bride	Act III Communications
Who is the producer of The Princess Bride	Act III Communications
producer of The Princess Bride?	Act III Communications
actors of The Princess Bride	Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, Fred Savage, Robin Wright, Peter Falk, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, Carol Kane, Billy Crystal, Anne Dyson, Margery Mason
Who are the principle actors of The Princess Bride	Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, Fred Savage, Robin Wright, Peter Falk, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, Carol Kane, Billy Crystal, Anne Dyson, Margery Mason
Who are the actors of The Princess Bride	Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, Fred Savage, Robin Wright, Peter Falk, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, Carol Kane, Billy Crystal, Anne Dyson, Margery Mason
Who are the main actors of The Princess Bride	Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, Fred Savage, Robin Wright, Peter Falk, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, Carol Kane, Billy Crystal, Anne Dyson, Margery Mason
actors of The Princess Bride?	Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, Chris Sarandon, Christopher Guest, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, Fred Savage, Robin Wright, Peter Falk, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, Carol Kane, Billy Crystal, Anne Dyson, Margery Mason
description of The Princess Bride	While home sick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love.
What is the description of The Princess Bride	While home sick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love.
description of The Princess Bride?	While home sick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love.
average of votes of The Princess Bride	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Princess Bride	8.1
average of votes of The Princess Bride?	8.1
number of votes of The Princess Bride	385237
What is the number of votes of The Princess Bride	385237
number of votes of The Princess Bride?	385237
budget of The Princess Bride	$ 16000000
What is the budget of The Princess Bride	$ 16000000
budget of The Princess Bride?	$ 16000000
number of reviews from users of The Princess Bride	859.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Princess Bride	859.0
number of reviews from users of The Princess Bride?	859.0
number of reviews from critics of The Princess Bride	218.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Princess Bride	218.0
number of reviews from critics of The Princess Bride?	218.0
title of The Thing	The Thing
What is the title of The Thing	The Thing
title of The Thing?	The Thing
year of The Thing	1982
What is the year of The Thing	1982
year of The Thing?	1982
date of The Thing	1982-11-30
What is the date of The Thing	1982-11-30
date of The Thing?	1982-11-30
genre of The Thing	Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
What is the genre of The Thing	Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
genre of The Thing?	Horror, Mystery, Sci-Fi
duration of The Thing	109
What is the duration of The Thing	109
duration of The Thing?	109
country of The Thing	USA
What is the country of The Thing	USA
country of The Thing?	USA
language of The Thing	English, Norwegian
What is the language of The Thing	English, Norwegian
language of The Thing?	English, Norwegian
director of The Thing	John Carpenter
Who is the director of The Thing	John Carpenter
director of The Thing?	John Carpenter
writer of The Thing	Bill Lancaster, John W. Campbell Jr.
Who is the writer of The Thing	Bill Lancaster, John W. Campbell Jr.
writer of The Thing?	Bill Lancaster, John W. Campbell Jr.
producer of The Thing	Universal Pictures
Who is the producer of The Thing	Universal Pictures
producer of The Thing?	Universal Pictures
actors of The Thing	Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon, Keith David, Richard Dysart, Charles Hallahan, Peter Maloney, Richard Masur, Donald Moffat, Joel Polis, Thomas G. Waites, Norbert Weisser, Larry Franco, Nate Irwin
Who are the principle actors of The Thing	Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon, Keith David, Richard Dysart, Charles Hallahan, Peter Maloney, Richard Masur, Donald Moffat, Joel Polis, Thomas G. Waites, Norbert Weisser, Larry Franco, Nate Irwin
Who are the actors of The Thing	Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon, Keith David, Richard Dysart, Charles Hallahan, Peter Maloney, Richard Masur, Donald Moffat, Joel Polis, Thomas G. Waites, Norbert Weisser, Larry Franco, Nate Irwin
Who are the main actors of The Thing	Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon, Keith David, Richard Dysart, Charles Hallahan, Peter Maloney, Richard Masur, Donald Moffat, Joel Polis, Thomas G. Waites, Norbert Weisser, Larry Franco, Nate Irwin
actors of The Thing?	Kurt Russell, Wilford Brimley, T.K. Carter, David Clennon, Keith David, Richard Dysart, Charles Hallahan, Peter Maloney, Richard Masur, Donald Moffat, Joel Polis, Thomas G. Waites, Norbert Weisser, Larry Franco, Nate Irwin
description of The Thing	A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.
What is the description of The Thing	A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.
description of The Thing?	A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.
average of votes of The Thing	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Thing	8.1
average of votes of The Thing?	8.1
number of votes of The Thing	360147
What is the number of votes of The Thing	360147
number of votes of The Thing?	360147
budget of The Thing	$ 15000000
What is the budget of The Thing	$ 15000000
budget of The Thing?	$ 15000000
number of reviews from users of The Thing	1108.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Thing	1108.0
number of reviews from users of The Thing?	1108.0
number of reviews from critics of The Thing	343.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Thing	343.0
number of reviews from critics of The Thing?	343.0
title of Stand by Me	Stand by Me
What is the title of Stand by Me	Stand by Me
title of Stand by Me?	Stand by Me
year of Stand by Me	1986
What is the year of Stand by Me	1986
year of Stand by Me?	1986
date of Stand by Me	1987-03-29
What is the date of Stand by Me	1987-03-29
date of Stand by Me?	1987-03-29
genre of Stand by Me	Adventure, Drama
What is the genre of Stand by Me	Adventure, Drama
genre of Stand by Me?	Adventure, Drama
duration of Stand by Me	89
What is the duration of Stand by Me	89
duration of Stand by Me?	89
country of Stand by Me	USA
What is the country of Stand by Me	USA
country of Stand by Me?	USA
language of Stand by Me	English
What is the language of Stand by Me	English
language of Stand by Me?	English
director of Stand by Me	Rob Reiner
Who is the director of Stand by Me	Rob Reiner
director of Stand by Me?	Rob Reiner
writer of Stand by Me	Stephen King, Raynold Gideon
Who is the writer of Stand by Me	Stephen King, Raynold Gideon
writer of Stand by Me?	Stephen King, Raynold Gideon
producer of Stand by Me	Columbia Pictures
Who is the producer of Stand by Me	Columbia Pictures
producer of Stand by Me?	Columbia Pictures
actors of Stand by Me	Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, Gary Riley, Bradley Gregg, Jason Oliver Lipsett, Marshall Bell, Frances Lee McCain, Bruce Kirby, William Bronder, Scott Beach, Richard Dreyfuss
Who are the principle actors of Stand by Me	Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, Gary Riley, Bradley Gregg, Jason Oliver Lipsett, Marshall Bell, Frances Lee McCain, Bruce Kirby, William Bronder, Scott Beach, Richard Dreyfuss
Who are the actors of Stand by Me	Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, Gary Riley, Bradley Gregg, Jason Oliver Lipsett, Marshall Bell, Frances Lee McCain, Bruce Kirby, William Bronder, Scott Beach, Richard Dreyfuss
Who are the main actors of Stand by Me	Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, Gary Riley, Bradley Gregg, Jason Oliver Lipsett, Marshall Bell, Frances Lee McCain, Bruce Kirby, William Bronder, Scott Beach, Richard Dreyfuss
actors of Stand by Me?	Wil Wheaton, River Phoenix, Corey Feldman, Jerry O'Connell, Kiefer Sutherland, Casey Siemaszko, Gary Riley, Bradley Gregg, Jason Oliver Lipsett, Marshall Bell, Frances Lee McCain, Bruce Kirby, William Bronder, Scott Beach, Richard Dreyfuss
description of Stand by Me	After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.
What is the description of Stand by Me	After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.
description of Stand by Me?	After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.
average of votes of Stand by Me	8.1
What is the average of votes of Stand by Me	8.1
average of votes of Stand by Me?	8.1
number of votes of Stand by Me	355780
What is the number of votes of Stand by Me	355780
number of votes of Stand by Me?	355780
budget of Stand by Me	$ 8000000
What is the budget of Stand by Me	$ 8000000
budget of Stand by Me?	$ 8000000
number of reviews from users of Stand by Me	696.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Stand by Me	696.0
number of reviews from users of Stand by Me?	696.0
number of reviews from critics of Stand by Me	132.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Stand by Me	132.0
number of reviews from critics of Stand by Me?	132.0
title of The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter
What is the title of The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter
title of The Deer Hunter?	The Deer Hunter
year of The Deer Hunter	1978
What is the year of The Deer Hunter	1978
year of The Deer Hunter?	1978
date of The Deer Hunter	1979-02-27
What is the date of The Deer Hunter	1979-02-27
date of The Deer Hunter?	1979-02-27
genre of The Deer Hunter	Drama, War
What is the genre of The Deer Hunter	Drama, War
genre of The Deer Hunter?	Drama, War
duration of The Deer Hunter	183
What is the duration of The Deer Hunter	183
duration of The Deer Hunter?	183
country of The Deer Hunter	USA
What is the country of The Deer Hunter	USA
country of The Deer Hunter?	USA
language of The Deer Hunter	English, Russian, Vietnamese, French, Cantonese
What is the language of The Deer Hunter	English, Russian, Vietnamese, French, Cantonese
language of The Deer Hunter?	English, Russian, Vietnamese, French, Cantonese
director of The Deer Hunter	Michael Cimino
Who is the director of The Deer Hunter	Michael Cimino
director of The Deer Hunter?	Michael Cimino
writer of The Deer Hunter	Michael Cimino, Deric Washburn
Who is the writer of The Deer Hunter	Michael Cimino, Deric Washburn
writer of The Deer Hunter?	Michael Cimino, Deric Washburn
producer of The Deer Hunter	EMI Films
Who is the producer of The Deer Hunter	EMI Films
producer of The Deer Hunter?	EMI Films
actors of The Deer Hunter	Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, George Dzundza, Chuck Aspegren, Shirley Stoler, Rutanya Alda, Pierre Segui, Mady Kaplan, Amy Wright, Mary Ann Haenel, Richard Kuss, Joe Grifasi
Who are the principle actors of The Deer Hunter	Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, George Dzundza, Chuck Aspegren, Shirley Stoler, Rutanya Alda, Pierre Segui, Mady Kaplan, Amy Wright, Mary Ann Haenel, Richard Kuss, Joe Grifasi
Who are the actors of The Deer Hunter	Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, George Dzundza, Chuck Aspegren, Shirley Stoler, Rutanya Alda, Pierre Segui, Mady Kaplan, Amy Wright, Mary Ann Haenel, Richard Kuss, Joe Grifasi
Who are the main actors of The Deer Hunter	Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, George Dzundza, Chuck Aspegren, Shirley Stoler, Rutanya Alda, Pierre Segui, Mady Kaplan, Amy Wright, Mary Ann Haenel, Richard Kuss, Joe Grifasi
actors of The Deer Hunter?	Robert De Niro, John Cazale, John Savage, Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep, George Dzundza, Chuck Aspegren, Shirley Stoler, Rutanya Alda, Pierre Segui, Mady Kaplan, Amy Wright, Mary Ann Haenel, Richard Kuss, Joe Grifasi
description of The Deer Hunter	An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
What is the description of The Deer Hunter	An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
description of The Deer Hunter?	An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
average of votes of The Deer Hunter	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Deer Hunter	8.1
average of votes of The Deer Hunter?	8.1
number of votes of The Deer Hunter	304371
What is the number of votes of The Deer Hunter	304371
number of votes of The Deer Hunter?	304371
budget of The Deer Hunter	$ 15000000
What is the budget of The Deer Hunter	$ 15000000
budget of The Deer Hunter?	$ 15000000
number of reviews from users of The Deer Hunter	1140.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Deer Hunter	1140.0
number of reviews from users of The Deer Hunter?	1140.0
number of reviews from critics of The Deer Hunter	139.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Deer Hunter	139.0
number of reviews from critics of The Deer Hunter?	139.0
title of Gone with the Wind	Gone with the Wind
What is the title of Gone with the Wind	Gone with the Wind
title of Gone with the Wind?	Gone with the Wind
year of Gone with the Wind	1939
What is the year of Gone with the Wind	1939
year of Gone with the Wind?	1939
date of Gone with the Wind	1949-03-12
What is the date of Gone with the Wind	1949-03-12
date of Gone with the Wind?	1949-03-12
genre of Gone with the Wind	Drama, History, Romance
What is the genre of Gone with the Wind	Drama, History, Romance
genre of Gone with the Wind?	Drama, History, Romance
duration of Gone with the Wind	238
What is the duration of Gone with the Wind	238
duration of Gone with the Wind?	238
country of Gone with the Wind	USA
What is the country of Gone with the Wind	USA
country of Gone with the Wind?	USA
language of Gone with the Wind	English
What is the language of Gone with the Wind	English
language of Gone with the Wind?	English
director of Gone with the Wind	Victor Fleming, George Cukor
Who is the director of Gone with the Wind	Victor Fleming, George Cukor
director of Gone with the Wind?	Victor Fleming, George Cukor
writer of Gone with the Wind	Margaret Mitchell, Sidney Howard
Who is the writer of Gone with the Wind	Margaret Mitchell, Sidney Howard
writer of Gone with the Wind?	Margaret Mitchell, Sidney Howard
producer of Gone with the Wind	Selznick International Pictures
Who is the producer of Gone with the Wind	Selznick International Pictures
producer of Gone with the Wind?	Selznick International Pictures
actors of Gone with the Wind	Thomas Mitchell, Barbara O'Neil, Vivien Leigh, Evelyn Keyes, Ann Rutherford, George Reeves, Fred Crane, Hattie McDaniel, Oscar Polk, Butterfly McQueen, Victor Jory, Everett Brown, Howard Hickman, Alicia Rhett, Leslie Howard
Who are the principle actors of Gone with the Wind	Thomas Mitchell, Barbara O'Neil, Vivien Leigh, Evelyn Keyes, Ann Rutherford, George Reeves, Fred Crane, Hattie McDaniel, Oscar Polk, Butterfly McQueen, Victor Jory, Everett Brown, Howard Hickman, Alicia Rhett, Leslie Howard
Who are the actors of Gone with the Wind	Thomas Mitchell, Barbara O'Neil, Vivien Leigh, Evelyn Keyes, Ann Rutherford, George Reeves, Fred Crane, Hattie McDaniel, Oscar Polk, Butterfly McQueen, Victor Jory, Everett Brown, Howard Hickman, Alicia Rhett, Leslie Howard
Who are the main actors of Gone with the Wind	Thomas Mitchell, Barbara O'Neil, Vivien Leigh, Evelyn Keyes, Ann Rutherford, George Reeves, Fred Crane, Hattie McDaniel, Oscar Polk, Butterfly McQueen, Victor Jory, Everett Brown, Howard Hickman, Alicia Rhett, Leslie Howard
actors of Gone with the Wind?	Thomas Mitchell, Barbara O'Neil, Vivien Leigh, Evelyn Keyes, Ann Rutherford, George Reeves, Fred Crane, Hattie McDaniel, Oscar Polk, Butterfly McQueen, Victor Jory, Everett Brown, Howard Hickman, Alicia Rhett, Leslie Howard
description of Gone with the Wind	A manipulative woman and a roguish man conduct a turbulent romance during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.
What is the description of Gone with the Wind	A manipulative woman and a roguish man conduct a turbulent romance during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.
description of Gone with the Wind?	A manipulative woman and a roguish man conduct a turbulent romance during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.
average of votes of Gone with the Wind	8.1
What is the average of votes of Gone with the Wind	8.1
average of votes of Gone with the Wind?	8.1
number of votes of Gone with the Wind	283975
What is the number of votes of Gone with the Wind	283975
number of votes of Gone with the Wind?	283975
budget of Gone with the Wind	$ 3977000
What is the budget of Gone with the Wind	$ 3977000
budget of Gone with the Wind?	$ 3977000
number of reviews from users of Gone with the Wind	881.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Gone with the Wind	881.0
number of reviews from users of Gone with the Wind?	881.0
number of reviews from critics of Gone with the Wind	197.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Gone with the Wind	197.0
number of reviews from critics of Gone with the Wind?	197.0
title of Ford v Ferrari	Ford v Ferrari
What is the title of Ford v Ferrari	Ford v Ferrari
title of Ford v Ferrari?	Ford v Ferrari
year of Ford v Ferrari	2019
What is the year of Ford v Ferrari	2019
year of Ford v Ferrari?	2019
date of Ford v Ferrari	2019-11-14
What is the date of Ford v Ferrari	2019-11-14
date of Ford v Ferrari?	2019-11-14
genre of Ford v Ferrari	Action, Biography, Drama
What is the genre of Ford v Ferrari	Action, Biography, Drama
genre of Ford v Ferrari?	Action, Biography, Drama
duration of Ford v Ferrari	152
What is the duration of Ford v Ferrari	152
duration of Ford v Ferrari?	152
country of Ford v Ferrari	USA
What is the country of Ford v Ferrari	USA
country of Ford v Ferrari?	USA
language of Ford v Ferrari	English, Italian, French, Japanese
What is the language of Ford v Ferrari	English, Italian, French, Japanese
language of Ford v Ferrari?	English, Italian, French, Japanese
director of Ford v Ferrari	James Mangold
Who is the director of Ford v Ferrari	James Mangold
director of Ford v Ferrari?	James Mangold
writer of Ford v Ferrari	Jez Butterworth, John-Henry Butterworth
Who is the writer of Ford v Ferrari	Jez Butterworth, John-Henry Butterworth
writer of Ford v Ferrari?	Jez Butterworth, John-Henry Butterworth
producer of Ford v Ferrari	Chernin Entertainment
Who is the producer of Ford v Ferrari	Chernin Entertainment
producer of Ford v Ferrari?	Chernin Entertainment
actors of Ford v Ferrari	Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Jon Bernthal, Caitriona Balfe, Josh Lucas, Noah Jupe, Tracy Letts, Remo Girone, Ray McKinnon, JJ Feild, Jack McMullen, Corrado Invernizzi, Joe Williamson, Ian Harding, Christopher Darga
Who are the principle actors of Ford v Ferrari	Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Jon Bernthal, Caitriona Balfe, Josh Lucas, Noah Jupe, Tracy Letts, Remo Girone, Ray McKinnon, JJ Feild, Jack McMullen, Corrado Invernizzi, Joe Williamson, Ian Harding, Christopher Darga
Who are the actors of Ford v Ferrari	Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Jon Bernthal, Caitriona Balfe, Josh Lucas, Noah Jupe, Tracy Letts, Remo Girone, Ray McKinnon, JJ Feild, Jack McMullen, Corrado Invernizzi, Joe Williamson, Ian Harding, Christopher Darga
Who are the main actors of Ford v Ferrari	Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Jon Bernthal, Caitriona Balfe, Josh Lucas, Noah Jupe, Tracy Letts, Remo Girone, Ray McKinnon, JJ Feild, Jack McMullen, Corrado Invernizzi, Joe Williamson, Ian Harding, Christopher Darga
actors of Ford v Ferrari?	Matt Damon, Christian Bale, Jon Bernthal, Caitriona Balfe, Josh Lucas, Noah Jupe, Tracy Letts, Remo Girone, Ray McKinnon, JJ Feild, Jack McMullen, Corrado Invernizzi, Joe Williamson, Ian Harding, Christopher Darga
description of Ford v Ferrari	American car designer
What is the description of Ford v Ferrari	American car designer
description of Ford v Ferrari?	American car designer
average of votes of Ford v Ferrari	8.1
What is the average of votes of Ford v Ferrari	8.1
average of votes of Ford v Ferrari?	8.1
number of votes of Ford v Ferrari	251782
What is the number of votes of Ford v Ferrari	251782
number of votes of Ford v Ferrari?	251782
budget of Ford v Ferrari	$ 97600000
What is the budget of Ford v Ferrari	$ 97600000
budget of Ford v Ferrari?	$ 97600000
number of reviews from users of Ford v Ferrari	1316.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Ford v Ferrari	1316.0
number of reviews from users of Ford v Ferrari?	1316.0
number of reviews from critics of Ford v Ferrari	337.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Ford v Ferrari	337.0
number of reviews from critics of Ford v Ferrari?	337.0
title of Ben-Hur	Ben-Hur
What is the title of Ben-Hur	Ben-Hur
title of Ben-Hur?	Ben-Hur
year of Ben-Hur	1959
What is the year of Ben-Hur	1959
year of Ben-Hur?	1959
date of Ben-Hur	1960-10-21
What is the date of Ben-Hur	1960-10-21
date of Ben-Hur?	1960-10-21
genre of Ben-Hur	Adventure, Drama, History
What is the genre of Ben-Hur	Adventure, Drama, History
genre of Ben-Hur?	Adventure, Drama, History
duration of Ben-Hur	212
What is the duration of Ben-Hur	212
duration of Ben-Hur?	212
country of Ben-Hur	USA
What is the country of Ben-Hur	USA
country of Ben-Hur?	USA
language of Ben-Hur	English
What is the language of Ben-Hur	English
language of Ben-Hur?	English
director of Ben-Hur	William Wyler
Who is the director of Ben-Hur	William Wyler
director of Ben-Hur?	William Wyler
writer of Ben-Hur	Lew Wallace, Karl Tunberg
Who is the writer of Ben-Hur	Lew Wallace, Karl Tunberg
writer of Ben-Hur?	Lew Wallace, Karl Tunberg
producer of Ben-Hur	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of Ben-Hur	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of Ben-Hur?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of Ben-Hur	Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Hugh Griffith, Martha Scott, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, Finlay Currie, Frank Thring, Terence Longdon, George Relph, André Morell
Who are the principle actors of Ben-Hur	Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Hugh Griffith, Martha Scott, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, Finlay Currie, Frank Thring, Terence Longdon, George Relph, André Morell
Who are the actors of Ben-Hur	Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Hugh Griffith, Martha Scott, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, Finlay Currie, Frank Thring, Terence Longdon, George Relph, André Morell
Who are the main actors of Ben-Hur	Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Hugh Griffith, Martha Scott, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, Finlay Currie, Frank Thring, Terence Longdon, George Relph, André Morell
actors of Ben-Hur?	Charlton Heston, Jack Hawkins, Haya Harareet, Stephen Boyd, Hugh Griffith, Martha Scott, Cathy O'Donnell, Sam Jaffe, Finlay Currie, Frank Thring, Terence Longdon, George Relph, André Morell
description of Ben-Hur	After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
What is the description of Ben-Hur	After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
description of Ben-Hur?	After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
average of votes of Ben-Hur	8.1
What is the average of votes of Ben-Hur	8.1
average of votes of Ben-Hur?	8.1
number of votes of Ben-Hur	214854
What is the number of votes of Ben-Hur	214854
number of votes of Ben-Hur?	214854
budget of Ben-Hur	$ 15000000
What is the budget of Ben-Hur	$ 15000000
budget of Ben-Hur?	$ 15000000
number of reviews from users of Ben-Hur	445.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Ben-Hur	445.0
number of reviews from users of Ben-Hur?	445.0
number of reviews from critics of Ben-Hur	128.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Ben-Hur	128.0
number of reviews from critics of Ben-Hur?	128.0
title of Cool Hand Luke	Cool Hand Luke
What is the title of Cool Hand Luke	Cool Hand Luke
title of Cool Hand Luke?	Cool Hand Luke
year of Cool Hand Luke	1967
What is the year of Cool Hand Luke	1967
year of Cool Hand Luke?	1967
date of Cool Hand Luke	1967-12-21
What is the date of Cool Hand Luke	1967-12-21
date of Cool Hand Luke?	1967-12-21
genre of Cool Hand Luke	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Cool Hand Luke	Crime, Drama
genre of Cool Hand Luke?	Crime, Drama
duration of Cool Hand Luke	127
What is the duration of Cool Hand Luke	127
duration of Cool Hand Luke?	127
country of Cool Hand Luke	USA
What is the country of Cool Hand Luke	USA
country of Cool Hand Luke?	USA
language of Cool Hand Luke	English
What is the language of Cool Hand Luke	English
language of Cool Hand Luke?	English
director of Cool Hand Luke	Stuart Rosenberg
Who is the director of Cool Hand Luke	Stuart Rosenberg
director of Cool Hand Luke?	Stuart Rosenberg
writer of Cool Hand Luke	Donn Pearce, Frank Pierson
Who is the writer of Cool Hand Luke	Donn Pearce, Frank Pierson
writer of Cool Hand Luke?	Donn Pearce, Frank Pierson
producer of Cool Hand Luke	Jalem Productions
Who is the producer of Cool Hand Luke	Jalem Productions
producer of Cool Hand Luke?	Jalem Productions
actors of Cool Hand Luke	Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Clifton James, Morgan Woodward, Luke Askew, Marc Cavell, Richard Davalos, Robert Donner, Warren Finnerty, Dennis Hopper
Who are the principle actors of Cool Hand Luke	Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Clifton James, Morgan Woodward, Luke Askew, Marc Cavell, Richard Davalos, Robert Donner, Warren Finnerty, Dennis Hopper
Who are the actors of Cool Hand Luke	Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Clifton James, Morgan Woodward, Luke Askew, Marc Cavell, Richard Davalos, Robert Donner, Warren Finnerty, Dennis Hopper
Who are the main actors of Cool Hand Luke	Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Clifton James, Morgan Woodward, Luke Askew, Marc Cavell, Richard Davalos, Robert Donner, Warren Finnerty, Dennis Hopper
actors of Cool Hand Luke?	Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon, Lou Antonio, Robert Drivas, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Clifton James, Morgan Woodward, Luke Askew, Marc Cavell, Richard Davalos, Robert Donner, Warren Finnerty, Dennis Hopper
description of Cool Hand Luke	A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.
What is the description of Cool Hand Luke	A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.
description of Cool Hand Luke?	A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.
average of votes of Cool Hand Luke	8.1
What is the average of votes of Cool Hand Luke	8.1
average of votes of Cool Hand Luke?	8.1
number of votes of Cool Hand Luke	158422
What is the number of votes of Cool Hand Luke	158422
number of votes of Cool Hand Luke?	158422
budget of Cool Hand Luke	$ 3200000
What is the budget of Cool Hand Luke	$ 3200000
budget of Cool Hand Luke?	$ 3200000
number of reviews from users of Cool Hand Luke	336.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Cool Hand Luke	336.0
number of reviews from users of Cool Hand Luke?	336.0
number of reviews from critics of Cool Hand Luke	130.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Cool Hand Luke	130.0
number of reviews from critics of Cool Hand Luke?	130.0
title of La haine	La haine
What is the title of La haine	La haine
title of La haine?	La haine
year of La haine	1995
What is the year of La haine	1995
year of La haine?	1995
date of La haine	1995-09-21
What is the date of La haine	1995-09-21
date of La haine?	1995-09-21
genre of La haine	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of La haine	Crime, Drama
genre of La haine?	Crime, Drama
duration of La haine	98
What is the duration of La haine	98
duration of La haine?	98
country of La haine	France
What is the country of La haine	France
country of La haine?	France
language of La haine	French
What is the language of La haine	French
language of La haine?	French
director of La haine	Mathieu Kassovitz
Who is the director of La haine	Mathieu Kassovitz
director of La haine?	Mathieu Kassovitz
writer of La haine	Mathieu Kassovitz
Who is the writer of La haine	Mathieu Kassovitz
writer of La haine?	Mathieu Kassovitz
producer of La haine	Canal+
Who is the producer of La haine	Canal+
producer of La haine?	Canal+
actors of La haine	Vincent Cassel, Hubert Koundé, Saïd Taghmaoui, Abdel Ahmed Ghili, Solo, Joseph Momo, Héloïse Rauth, Rywka Wajsbrot, Olga Abrego, Laurent Labasse, Choukri Gabteni, Nabil Ben Mhamed, Benoît Magimel, Médard Niang, Arash Mansour
Who are the principle actors of La haine	Vincent Cassel, Hubert Koundé, Saïd Taghmaoui, Abdel Ahmed Ghili, Solo, Joseph Momo, Héloïse Rauth, Rywka Wajsbrot, Olga Abrego, Laurent Labasse, Choukri Gabteni, Nabil Ben Mhamed, Benoît Magimel, Médard Niang, Arash Mansour
Who are the actors of La haine	Vincent Cassel, Hubert Koundé, Saïd Taghmaoui, Abdel Ahmed Ghili, Solo, Joseph Momo, Héloïse Rauth, Rywka Wajsbrot, Olga Abrego, Laurent Labasse, Choukri Gabteni, Nabil Ben Mhamed, Benoît Magimel, Médard Niang, Arash Mansour
Who are the main actors of La haine	Vincent Cassel, Hubert Koundé, Saïd Taghmaoui, Abdel Ahmed Ghili, Solo, Joseph Momo, Héloïse Rauth, Rywka Wajsbrot, Olga Abrego, Laurent Labasse, Choukri Gabteni, Nabil Ben Mhamed, Benoît Magimel, Médard Niang, Arash Mansour
actors of La haine?	Vincent Cassel, Hubert Koundé, Saïd Taghmaoui, Abdel Ahmed Ghili, Solo, Joseph Momo, Héloïse Rauth, Rywka Wajsbrot, Olga Abrego, Laurent Labasse, Choukri Gabteni, Nabil Ben Mhamed, Benoît Magimel, Médard Niang, Arash Mansour
description of La haine	24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.
What is the description of La haine	24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.
description of La haine?	24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.
average of votes of La haine	8.1
What is the average of votes of La haine	8.1
average of votes of La haine?	8.1
number of votes of La haine	144508
What is the number of votes of La haine	144508
number of votes of La haine?	144508
budget of La haine	EUR 2590000
What is the budget of La haine	EUR 2590000
budget of La haine?	EUR 2590000
number of reviews from users of La haine	222.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La haine	222.0
number of reviews from users of La haine?	222.0
number of reviews from critics of La haine	119.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La haine	119.0
number of reviews from critics of La haine?	119.0
title of Network	Network
What is the title of Network	Network
title of Network?	Network
year of Network	1976
What is the year of Network	1976
year of Network?	1976
date of Network	1977-03-17
What is the date of Network	1977-03-17
date of Network?	1977-03-17
genre of Network	Drama
What is the genre of Network	Drama
genre of Network?	Drama
duration of Network	121
What is the duration of Network	121
duration of Network?	121
country of Network	USA
What is the country of Network	USA
country of Network?	USA
language of Network	English
What is the language of Network	English
language of Network?	English
director of Network	Sidney Lumet
Who is the director of Network	Sidney Lumet
director of Network?	Sidney Lumet
writer of Network	Paddy Chayefsky
Who is the writer of Network	Paddy Chayefsky
writer of Network?	Paddy Chayefsky
producer of Network	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of Network	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of Network?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of Network	Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, Arthur Burghardt, Bill Burrows, John Carpenter, Jordan Charney, Kathy Cronkite, Ed Crowley, Jerome Dempsey, Conchata Ferrell, Gene Gross
Who are the principle actors of Network	Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, Arthur Burghardt, Bill Burrows, John Carpenter, Jordan Charney, Kathy Cronkite, Ed Crowley, Jerome Dempsey, Conchata Ferrell, Gene Gross
Who are the actors of Network	Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, Arthur Burghardt, Bill Burrows, John Carpenter, Jordan Charney, Kathy Cronkite, Ed Crowley, Jerome Dempsey, Conchata Ferrell, Gene Gross
Who are the main actors of Network	Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, Arthur Burghardt, Bill Burrows, John Carpenter, Jordan Charney, Kathy Cronkite, Ed Crowley, Jerome Dempsey, Conchata Ferrell, Gene Gross
actors of Network?	Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch, Robert Duvall, Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty, Arthur Burghardt, Bill Burrows, John Carpenter, Jordan Charney, Kathy Cronkite, Ed Crowley, Jerome Dempsey, Conchata Ferrell, Gene Gross
description of Network	A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit.
What is the description of Network	A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit.
description of Network?	A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit.
average of votes of Network	8.1
What is the average of votes of Network	8.1
average of votes of Network?	8.1
number of votes of Network	141905
What is the number of votes of Network	141905
number of votes of Network?	141905
budget of Network	$ 3800000
What is the budget of Network	$ 3800000
budget of Network?	$ 3800000
number of reviews from users of Network	396.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Network	396.0
number of reviews from users of Network?	396.0
number of reviews from critics of Network	175.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Network	175.0
number of reviews from critics of Network?	175.0
title of On the Waterfront	On the Waterfront
What is the title of On the Waterfront	On the Waterfront
title of On the Waterfront?	On the Waterfront
year of On the Waterfront	1954
What is the year of On the Waterfront	1954
year of On the Waterfront?	1954
date of On the Waterfront	1954-11-25
What is the date of On the Waterfront	1954-11-25
date of On the Waterfront?	1954-11-25
genre of On the Waterfront	Crime, Drama, Thriller
What is the genre of On the Waterfront	Crime, Drama, Thriller
genre of On the Waterfront?	Crime, Drama, Thriller
duration of On the Waterfront	108
What is the duration of On the Waterfront	108
duration of On the Waterfront?	108
country of On the Waterfront	USA
What is the country of On the Waterfront	USA
country of On the Waterfront?	USA
language of On the Waterfront	English
What is the language of On the Waterfront	English
language of On the Waterfront?	English
director of On the Waterfront	Elia Kazan
Who is the director of On the Waterfront	Elia Kazan
director of On the Waterfront?	Elia Kazan
writer of On the Waterfront	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
Who is the writer of On the Waterfront	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
writer of On the Waterfront?	Budd Schulberg, Budd Schulberg
producer of On the Waterfront	Horizon Pictures
Who is the producer of On the Waterfront	Horizon Pictures
producer of On the Waterfront?	Horizon Pictures
actors of On the Waterfront	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, Leif Erickson, James Westerfield, Tony Galento, Tami Mauriello, John F. Hamilton, John Heldabrand, Rudy Bond, Don Blackman, Arthur Keegan, Abe Simon
Who are the principle actors of On the Waterfront	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, Leif Erickson, James Westerfield, Tony Galento, Tami Mauriello, John F. Hamilton, John Heldabrand, Rudy Bond, Don Blackman, Arthur Keegan, Abe Simon
Who are the actors of On the Waterfront	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, Leif Erickson, James Westerfield, Tony Galento, Tami Mauriello, John F. Hamilton, John Heldabrand, Rudy Bond, Don Blackman, Arthur Keegan, Abe Simon
Who are the main actors of On the Waterfront	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, Leif Erickson, James Westerfield, Tony Galento, Tami Mauriello, John F. Hamilton, John Heldabrand, Rudy Bond, Don Blackman, Arthur Keegan, Abe Simon
actors of On the Waterfront?	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, Leif Erickson, James Westerfield, Tony Galento, Tami Mauriello, John F. Hamilton, John Heldabrand, Rudy Bond, Don Blackman, Arthur Keegan, Abe Simon
description of On the Waterfront	An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.
What is the description of On the Waterfront	An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.
description of On the Waterfront?	An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.
average of votes of On the Waterfront	8.1
What is the average of votes of On the Waterfront	8.1
average of votes of On the Waterfront?	8.1
number of votes of On the Waterfront	138516
What is the number of votes of On the Waterfront	138516
number of votes of On the Waterfront?	138516
budget of On the Waterfront	$ 910000
What is the budget of On the Waterfront	$ 910000
budget of On the Waterfront?	$ 910000
number of reviews from users of On the Waterfront	332.0
What is the number of reviews from users of On the Waterfront	332.0
number of reviews from users of On the Waterfront?	332.0
number of reviews from critics of On the Waterfront	163.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of On the Waterfront	163.0
number of reviews from critics of On the Waterfront?	163.0
title of Rebecca	Rebecca
What is the title of Rebecca	Rebecca
title of Rebecca?	Rebecca
year of Rebecca	1940
What is the year of Rebecca	1940
year of Rebecca?	1940
date of Rebecca	1941-11-18
What is the date of Rebecca	1941-11-18
date of Rebecca?	1941-11-18
genre of Rebecca	Drama, Mystery, Romance
What is the genre of Rebecca	Drama, Mystery, Romance
genre of Rebecca?	Drama, Mystery, Romance
duration of Rebecca	130
What is the duration of Rebecca	130
duration of Rebecca?	130
country of Rebecca	USA
What is the country of Rebecca	USA
country of Rebecca?	USA
language of Rebecca	English, French
What is the language of Rebecca	English, French
language of Rebecca?	English, French
director of Rebecca	Alfred Hitchcock
Who is the director of Rebecca	Alfred Hitchcock
director of Rebecca?	Alfred Hitchcock
writer of Rebecca	Daphne Du Maurier, Robert E. Sherwood
Who is the writer of Rebecca	Daphne Du Maurier, Robert E. Sherwood
writer of Rebecca?	Daphne Du Maurier, Robert E. Sherwood
producer of Rebecca	Selznick International Pictures
Who is the producer of Rebecca	Selznick International Pictures
producer of Rebecca?	Selznick International Pictures
actors of Rebecca	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, Judith Anderson, Nigel Bruce, Reginald Denny, C. Aubrey Smith, Gladys Cooper, Florence Bates, Melville Cooper, Leo G. Carroll, Leonard Carey, Lumsden Hare, Edward Fielding, Philip Winter
Who are the principle actors of Rebecca	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, Judith Anderson, Nigel Bruce, Reginald Denny, C. Aubrey Smith, Gladys Cooper, Florence Bates, Melville Cooper, Leo G. Carroll, Leonard Carey, Lumsden Hare, Edward Fielding, Philip Winter
Who are the actors of Rebecca	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, Judith Anderson, Nigel Bruce, Reginald Denny, C. Aubrey Smith, Gladys Cooper, Florence Bates, Melville Cooper, Leo G. Carroll, Leonard Carey, Lumsden Hare, Edward Fielding, Philip Winter
Who are the main actors of Rebecca	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, Judith Anderson, Nigel Bruce, Reginald Denny, C. Aubrey Smith, Gladys Cooper, Florence Bates, Melville Cooper, Leo G. Carroll, Leonard Carey, Lumsden Hare, Edward Fielding, Philip Winter
actors of Rebecca?	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, George Sanders, Judith Anderson, Nigel Bruce, Reginald Denny, C. Aubrey Smith, Gladys Cooper, Florence Bates, Melville Cooper, Leo G. Carroll, Leonard Carey, Lumsden Hare, Edward Fielding, Philip Winter
description of Rebecca	A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.
What is the description of Rebecca	A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.
description of Rebecca?	A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.
average of votes of Rebecca	8.1
What is the average of votes of Rebecca	8.1
average of votes of Rebecca?	8.1
number of votes of Rebecca	119307
What is the number of votes of Rebecca	119307
number of votes of Rebecca?	119307
budget of Rebecca	$ 1288000
What is the budget of Rebecca	$ 1288000
budget of Rebecca?	$ 1288000
number of reviews from users of Rebecca	339.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Rebecca	339.0
number of reviews from users of Rebecca?	339.0
number of reviews from critics of Rebecca	200.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Rebecca	200.0
number of reviews from critics of Rebecca?	200.0
title of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
What is the title of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
title of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
year of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	1939
What is the year of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	1939
year of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	1939
date of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	1947-04-05
What is the date of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	1947-04-05
date of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	1947-04-05
genre of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Comedy, Drama
genre of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Comedy, Drama
duration of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	129
What is the duration of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	129
duration of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	129
country of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	USA
What is the country of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	USA
country of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	USA
language of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	English
What is the language of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	English
language of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	English
director of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Frank Capra
Who is the director of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Frank Capra
director of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Frank Capra
writer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Sidney Buchman, Lewis R. Foster
Who is the writer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Sidney Buchman, Lewis R. Foster
writer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Sidney Buchman, Lewis R. Foster
producer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Columbia Pictures
Who is the producer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Columbia Pictures
producer of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Columbia Pictures
actors of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Jean Arthur, James Stewart, Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell, Eugene Pallette, Beulah Bondi, H.B. Warner, Harry Carey, Astrid Allwyn, Ruth Donnelly, Grant Mitchell, Porter Hall, H.V. Kaltenborn
Who are the principle actors of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Jean Arthur, James Stewart, Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell, Eugene Pallette, Beulah Bondi, H.B. Warner, Harry Carey, Astrid Allwyn, Ruth Donnelly, Grant Mitchell, Porter Hall, H.V. Kaltenborn
Who are the actors of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Jean Arthur, James Stewart, Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell, Eugene Pallette, Beulah Bondi, H.B. Warner, Harry Carey, Astrid Allwyn, Ruth Donnelly, Grant Mitchell, Porter Hall, H.V. Kaltenborn
Who are the main actors of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	Jean Arthur, James Stewart, Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell, Eugene Pallette, Beulah Bondi, H.B. Warner, Harry Carey, Astrid Allwyn, Ruth Donnelly, Grant Mitchell, Porter Hall, H.V. Kaltenborn
actors of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	Jean Arthur, James Stewart, Claude Rains, Edward Arnold, Guy Kibbee, Thomas Mitchell, Eugene Pallette, Beulah Bondi, H.B. Warner, Harry Carey, Astrid Allwyn, Ruth Donnelly, Grant Mitchell, Porter Hall, H.V. Kaltenborn
description of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.
What is the description of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.
description of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.
average of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	8.1
What is the average of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	8.1
average of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	8.1
number of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	104547
What is the number of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	104547
number of votes of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	104547
budget of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	$ 1900000
What is the budget of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	$ 1900000
budget of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	$ 1900000
number of reviews from users of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	296.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	296.0
number of reviews from users of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	296.0
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	88.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	88.0
number of reviews from critics of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington?	88.0
title of Les quatre cents coups	Les quatre cents coups
What is the title of Les quatre cents coups	Les quatre cents coups
title of Les quatre cents coups?	Les quatre cents coups
year of Les quatre cents coups	1959
What is the year of Les quatre cents coups	1959
year of Les quatre cents coups?	1959
date of Les quatre cents coups	1959-09-26
What is the date of Les quatre cents coups	1959-09-26
date of Les quatre cents coups?	1959-09-26
genre of Les quatre cents coups	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Les quatre cents coups	Crime, Drama
genre of Les quatre cents coups?	Crime, Drama
duration of Les quatre cents coups	99
What is the duration of Les quatre cents coups	99
duration of Les quatre cents coups?	99
country of Les quatre cents coups	France
What is the country of Les quatre cents coups	France
country of Les quatre cents coups?	France
language of Les quatre cents coups	French, English
What is the language of Les quatre cents coups	French, English
language of Les quatre cents coups?	French, English
director of Les quatre cents coups	François Truffaut
Who is the director of Les quatre cents coups	François Truffaut
director of Les quatre cents coups?	François Truffaut
writer of Les quatre cents coups	François Truffaut, Marcel Moussy
Who is the writer of Les quatre cents coups	François Truffaut, Marcel Moussy
writer of Les quatre cents coups?	François Truffaut, Marcel Moussy
producer of Les quatre cents coups	Les Films du Carrosse
Who is the producer of Les quatre cents coups	Les Films du Carrosse
producer of Les quatre cents coups?	Les Films du Carrosse
actors of Les quatre cents coups	Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claire Maurier, Albert Rémy, Guy Decomble, Georges Flamant, Patrick Auffay, Daniel Couturier, François Nocher, Richard Kanayan, Renaud Fontanarosa, Michel Girard, Serge Moati, Bernard Abbou, Jean-François Bergouignan, Michel Lesignor
Who are the principle actors of Les quatre cents coups	Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claire Maurier, Albert Rémy, Guy Decomble, Georges Flamant, Patrick Auffay, Daniel Couturier, François Nocher, Richard Kanayan, Renaud Fontanarosa, Michel Girard, Serge Moati, Bernard Abbou, Jean-François Bergouignan, Michel Lesignor
Who are the actors of Les quatre cents coups	Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claire Maurier, Albert Rémy, Guy Decomble, Georges Flamant, Patrick Auffay, Daniel Couturier, François Nocher, Richard Kanayan, Renaud Fontanarosa, Michel Girard, Serge Moati, Bernard Abbou, Jean-François Bergouignan, Michel Lesignor
Who are the main actors of Les quatre cents coups	Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claire Maurier, Albert Rémy, Guy Decomble, Georges Flamant, Patrick Auffay, Daniel Couturier, François Nocher, Richard Kanayan, Renaud Fontanarosa, Michel Girard, Serge Moati, Bernard Abbou, Jean-François Bergouignan, Michel Lesignor
actors of Les quatre cents coups?	Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claire Maurier, Albert Rémy, Guy Decomble, Georges Flamant, Patrick Auffay, Daniel Couturier, François Nocher, Richard Kanayan, Renaud Fontanarosa, Michel Girard, Serge Moati, Bernard Abbou, Jean-François Bergouignan, Michel Lesignor
description of Les quatre cents coups	A young boy, left without attention, delves into a life of petty crime.
What is the description of Les quatre cents coups	A young boy, left without attention, delves into a life of petty crime.
description of Les quatre cents coups?	A young boy, left without attention, delves into a life of petty crime.
average of votes of Les quatre cents coups	8.1
What is the average of votes of Les quatre cents coups	8.1
average of votes of Les quatre cents coups?	8.1
number of votes of Les quatre cents coups	101911
What is the number of votes of Les quatre cents coups	101911
number of votes of Les quatre cents coups?	101911
budget of Les quatre cents coups	nan
What is the budget of Les quatre cents coups	nan
budget of Les quatre cents coups?	nan
number of reviews from users of Les quatre cents coups	217.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Les quatre cents coups	217.0
number of reviews from users of Les quatre cents coups?	217.0
number of reviews from critics of Les quatre cents coups	167.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Les quatre cents coups	167.0
number of reviews from critics of Les quatre cents coups?	167.0
title of It Happened One Night	It Happened One Night
What is the title of It Happened One Night	It Happened One Night
title of It Happened One Night?	It Happened One Night
year of It Happened One Night	1934
What is the year of It Happened One Night	1934
year of It Happened One Night?	1934
date of It Happened One Night	1934-12-11
What is the date of It Happened One Night	1934-12-11
date of It Happened One Night?	1934-12-11
genre of It Happened One Night	Comedy, Romance
What is the genre of It Happened One Night	Comedy, Romance
genre of It Happened One Night?	Comedy, Romance
duration of It Happened One Night	105
What is the duration of It Happened One Night	105
duration of It Happened One Night?	105
country of It Happened One Night	USA
What is the country of It Happened One Night	USA
country of It Happened One Night?	USA
language of It Happened One Night	English
What is the language of It Happened One Night	English
language of It Happened One Night?	English
director of It Happened One Night	Frank Capra
Who is the director of It Happened One Night	Frank Capra
director of It Happened One Night?	Frank Capra
writer of It Happened One Night	Robert Riskin, Samuel Hopkins Adams
Who is the writer of It Happened One Night	Robert Riskin, Samuel Hopkins Adams
writer of It Happened One Night?	Robert Riskin, Samuel Hopkins Adams
producer of It Happened One Night	Columbia Pictures
Who is the producer of It Happened One Night	Columbia Pictures
producer of It Happened One Night?	Columbia Pictures
actors of It Happened One Night	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Jameson Thomas, Alan Hale, Arthur Hoyt, Blanche Friderici, Charles C. Wilson
Who are the principle actors of It Happened One Night	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Jameson Thomas, Alan Hale, Arthur Hoyt, Blanche Friderici, Charles C. Wilson
Who are the actors of It Happened One Night	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Jameson Thomas, Alan Hale, Arthur Hoyt, Blanche Friderici, Charles C. Wilson
Who are the main actors of It Happened One Night	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Jameson Thomas, Alan Hale, Arthur Hoyt, Blanche Friderici, Charles C. Wilson
actors of It Happened One Night?	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Walter Connolly, Roscoe Karns, Jameson Thomas, Alan Hale, Arthur Hoyt, Blanche Friderici, Charles C. Wilson
description of It Happened One Night	A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.
What is the description of It Happened One Night	A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.
description of It Happened One Night?	A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.
average of votes of It Happened One Night	8.1
What is the average of votes of It Happened One Night	8.1
average of votes of It Happened One Night?	8.1
number of votes of It Happened One Night	91400
What is the number of votes of It Happened One Night	91400
number of votes of It Happened One Night?	91400
budget of It Happened One Night	$ 325000
What is the budget of It Happened One Night	$ 325000
budget of It Happened One Night?	$ 325000
number of reviews from users of It Happened One Night	299.0
What is the number of reviews from users of It Happened One Night	299.0
number of reviews from users of It Happened One Night?	299.0
number of reviews from critics of It Happened One Night	120.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of It Happened One Night	120.0
number of reviews from critics of It Happened One Night?	120.0
title of The General	The General
What is the title of The General	The General
title of The General?	The General
year of The General	1926
What is the year of The General	1926
year of The General?	1926
date of The General	1927-03-30
What is the date of The General	1927-03-30
date of The General?	1927-03-30
genre of The General	Action, Adventure, Comedy
What is the genre of The General	Action, Adventure, Comedy
genre of The General?	Action, Adventure, Comedy
duration of The General	67
What is the duration of The General	67
duration of The General?	67
country of The General	USA
What is the country of The General	USA
country of The General?	USA
language of The General	English
What is the language of The General	English
language of The General?	English
director of The General	Clyde Bruckman, Buster Keaton
Who is the director of The General	Clyde Bruckman, Buster Keaton
director of The General?	Clyde Bruckman, Buster Keaton
writer of The General	Buster Keaton, Clyde Bruckman
Who is the writer of The General	Buster Keaton, Clyde Bruckman
writer of The General?	Buster Keaton, Clyde Bruckman
producer of The General	Buster Keaton Productions
Who is the producer of The General	Buster Keaton Productions
producer of The General?	Buster Keaton Productions
actors of The General	Marion Mack, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom, Charles Henry Smith, Frank Barnes, Joe Keaton, Mike Donlin, Tom Nawn, Buster Keaton
Who are the principle actors of The General	Marion Mack, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom, Charles Henry Smith, Frank Barnes, Joe Keaton, Mike Donlin, Tom Nawn, Buster Keaton
Who are the actors of The General	Marion Mack, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom, Charles Henry Smith, Frank Barnes, Joe Keaton, Mike Donlin, Tom Nawn, Buster Keaton
Who are the main actors of The General	Marion Mack, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom, Charles Henry Smith, Frank Barnes, Joe Keaton, Mike Donlin, Tom Nawn, Buster Keaton
actors of The General?	Marion Mack, Glen Cavender, Jim Farley, Frederick Vroom, Charles Henry Smith, Frank Barnes, Joe Keaton, Mike Donlin, Tom Nawn, Buster Keaton
description of The General	When Union spies steal an engineer's beloved locomotive, he pursues it single-handedly and straight through enemy lines.
What is the description of The General	When Union spies steal an engineer's beloved locomotive, he pursues it single-handedly and straight through enemy lines.
description of The General?	When Union spies steal an engineer's beloved locomotive, he pursues it single-handedly and straight through enemy lines.
average of votes of The General	8.1
What is the average of votes of The General	8.1
average of votes of The General?	8.1
number of votes of The General	78769
What is the number of votes of The General	78769
number of votes of The General?	78769
budget of The General	$ 750000
What is the budget of The General	$ 750000
budget of The General?	$ 750000
number of reviews from users of The General	288.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The General	288.0
number of reviews from users of The General?	288.0
number of reviews from critics of The General	117.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The General	117.0
number of reviews from critics of The General?	117.0
title of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
What is the title of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
title of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
year of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	1962
What is the year of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	1962
year of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	1962
date of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	1962-09-12
What is the date of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	1962-09-12
date of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	1962-09-12
genre of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	Drama, Western
What is the genre of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	Drama, Western
genre of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	Drama, Western
duration of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	123
What is the duration of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	123
duration of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	123
country of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	USA
What is the country of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	USA
country of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	USA
language of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	English
What is the language of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	English
language of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	English
director of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Ford
Who is the director of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Ford
director of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	John Ford
writer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	James Warner Bellah, Willis Goldbeck
Who is the writer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	James Warner Bellah, Willis Goldbeck
writer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	James Warner Bellah, Willis Goldbeck
producer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Ford Productions
Who is the producer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Ford Productions
producer of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	John Ford Productions
actors of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien, Andy Devine, Ken Murray, John Carradine, Jeanette Nolan, John Qualen, Willis Bouchey, Carleton Young, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, Strother Martin
Who are the principle actors of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien, Andy Devine, Ken Murray, John Carradine, Jeanette Nolan, John Qualen, Willis Bouchey, Carleton Young, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, Strother Martin
Who are the actors of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien, Andy Devine, Ken Murray, John Carradine, Jeanette Nolan, John Qualen, Willis Bouchey, Carleton Young, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, Strother Martin
Who are the main actors of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien, Andy Devine, Ken Murray, John Carradine, Jeanette Nolan, John Qualen, Willis Bouchey, Carleton Young, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, Strother Martin
actors of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	John Wayne, James Stewart, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien, Andy Devine, Ken Murray, John Carradine, Jeanette Nolan, John Qualen, Willis Bouchey, Carleton Young, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, Strother Martin
description of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	A senator returns to a western town for the funeral of an old friend and tells the story of his origins.
What is the description of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	A senator returns to a western town for the funeral of an old friend and tells the story of his origins.
description of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	A senator returns to a western town for the funeral of an old friend and tells the story of his origins.
average of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	8.1
average of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	8.1
number of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	67255
What is the number of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	67255
number of votes of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	67255
budget of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	$ 3200000
What is the budget of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	$ 3200000
budget of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	$ 3200000
number of reviews from users of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	258.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	258.0
number of reviews from users of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	258.0
number of reviews from critics of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	87.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	87.0
number of reviews from critics of The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance?	87.0
title of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano
What is the title of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano
title of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano
year of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	1998
What is the year of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	1998
year of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	1998
date of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	1998-10-28
What is the date of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	1998-10-28
date of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	1998-10-28
genre of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Drama, Music, Romance
What is the genre of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Drama, Music, Romance
genre of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Drama, Music, Romance
duration of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	169
What is the duration of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	169
duration of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	169
country of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Italy
What is the country of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Italy
country of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Italy
language of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	English, French, Italian
What is the language of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	English, French, Italian
language of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	English, French, Italian
director of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Giuseppe Tornatore
Who is the director of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Giuseppe Tornatore
director of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Giuseppe Tornatore
writer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Alessandro Baricco, Giuseppe Tornatore
Who is the writer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Alessandro Baricco, Giuseppe Tornatore
writer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Alessandro Baricco, Giuseppe Tornatore
producer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Sciarlò
Who is the producer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Sciarlò
producer of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Sciarlò
actors of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Mélanie Thierry, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III, Peter Vaughan, Niall O'Brien, Alberto Vazquez, Gabriele Lavia, John Armstead, Cory Buck, Norman Chancer, Sidney Cole, Katy Monique Cuomo, Luigi De Luca
Who are the principle actors of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Mélanie Thierry, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III, Peter Vaughan, Niall O'Brien, Alberto Vazquez, Gabriele Lavia, John Armstead, Cory Buck, Norman Chancer, Sidney Cole, Katy Monique Cuomo, Luigi De Luca
Who are the actors of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Mélanie Thierry, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III, Peter Vaughan, Niall O'Brien, Alberto Vazquez, Gabriele Lavia, John Armstead, Cory Buck, Norman Chancer, Sidney Cole, Katy Monique Cuomo, Luigi De Luca
Who are the main actors of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Mélanie Thierry, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III, Peter Vaughan, Niall O'Brien, Alberto Vazquez, Gabriele Lavia, John Armstead, Cory Buck, Norman Chancer, Sidney Cole, Katy Monique Cuomo, Luigi De Luca
actors of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Mélanie Thierry, Bill Nunn, Clarence Williams III, Peter Vaughan, Niall O'Brien, Alberto Vazquez, Gabriele Lavia, John Armstead, Cory Buck, Norman Chancer, Sidney Cole, Katy Monique Cuomo, Luigi De Luca
description of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	A baby boy, discovered in 1900 on an ocean liner, grows into a musical prodigy, never setting foot on land.
What is the description of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	A baby boy, discovered in 1900 on an ocean liner, grows into a musical prodigy, never setting foot on land.
description of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	A baby boy, discovered in 1900 on an ocean liner, grows into a musical prodigy, never setting foot on land.
average of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	8.1
What is the average of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	8.1
average of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	8.1
number of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	57373
What is the number of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	57373
number of votes of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	57373
budget of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	$ 9000000
What is the budget of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	$ 9000000
budget of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	$ 9000000
number of reviews from users of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	279.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	279.0
number of reviews from users of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	279.0
number of reviews from critics of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	73.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano	73.0
number of reviews from critics of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano?	73.0
title of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Portrait de la jeune fille en feu
What is the title of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Portrait de la jeune fille en feu
title of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Portrait de la jeune fille en feu
year of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	2019
What is the year of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	2019
year of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	2019
date of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	2019-12-19
What is the date of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	2019-12-19
date of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	2019-12-19
genre of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Drama, Romance
genre of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Drama, Romance
duration of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	122
What is the duration of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	122
duration of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	122
country of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	France
What is the country of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	France
country of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	France
language of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	French, Italian
What is the language of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	French, Italian
language of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	French, Italian
director of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Céline Sciamma
Who is the director of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Céline Sciamma
director of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Céline Sciamma
writer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Céline Sciamma
Who is the writer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Céline Sciamma
writer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Céline Sciamma
producer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Lilies Films
Who is the producer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Lilies Films
producer of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Lilies Films
actors of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Luàna Bajrami, Valeria Golino, Christel Baras, Armande Boulanger, Guy Delamarche, Clément Bouyssou
Who are the principle actors of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Luàna Bajrami, Valeria Golino, Christel Baras, Armande Boulanger, Guy Delamarche, Clément Bouyssou
Who are the actors of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Luàna Bajrami, Valeria Golino, Christel Baras, Armande Boulanger, Guy Delamarche, Clément Bouyssou
Who are the main actors of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Luàna Bajrami, Valeria Golino, Christel Baras, Armande Boulanger, Guy Delamarche, Clément Bouyssou
actors of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	Noémie Merlant, Adèle Haenel, Luàna Bajrami, Valeria Golino, Christel Baras, Armande Boulanger, Guy Delamarche, Clément Bouyssou
description of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman.
What is the description of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman.
description of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman.
average of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	8.1
What is the average of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	8.1
average of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	8.1
number of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	49960
What is the number of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	49960
number of votes of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	49960
budget of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	nan
What is the budget of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	nan
budget of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	nan
number of reviews from users of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	309.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	309.0
number of reviews from users of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	309.0
number of reviews from critics of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	250.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu	250.0
number of reviews from critics of Portrait de la jeune fille en feu?	250.0
title of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
What is the title of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
title of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
year of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	1962
What is the year of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	1962
year of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	1962
date of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	1963-05-17
What is the date of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	1963-05-17
date of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	1963-05-17
genre of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Drama, Horror, Thriller
What is the genre of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Drama, Horror, Thriller
genre of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	Drama, Horror, Thriller
duration of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	134
What is the duration of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	134
duration of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	134
country of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	USA
What is the country of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	USA
country of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	USA
language of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	English
What is the language of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	English
language of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	English
director of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Robert Aldrich
Who is the director of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Robert Aldrich
director of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	Robert Aldrich
writer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Henry Farrell, Lukas Heller
Who is the writer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Henry Farrell, Lukas Heller
writer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	Henry Farrell, Lukas Heller
producer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	The Associates & Aldrich Company
Who is the producer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	The Associates & Aldrich Company
producer of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	The Associates & Aldrich Company
actors of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, Wesley Addy, Julie Allred, Anne Barton, Marjorie Bennett, Bert Freed, Anna Lee, Maidie Norman, Dave Willock, William Aldrich, Russ Conway, Maxine Cooper, Robert Cornthwaite
Who are the principle actors of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, Wesley Addy, Julie Allred, Anne Barton, Marjorie Bennett, Bert Freed, Anna Lee, Maidie Norman, Dave Willock, William Aldrich, Russ Conway, Maxine Cooper, Robert Cornthwaite
Who are the actors of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, Wesley Addy, Julie Allred, Anne Barton, Marjorie Bennett, Bert Freed, Anna Lee, Maidie Norman, Dave Willock, William Aldrich, Russ Conway, Maxine Cooper, Robert Cornthwaite
Who are the main actors of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, Wesley Addy, Julie Allred, Anne Barton, Marjorie Bennett, Bert Freed, Anna Lee, Maidie Norman, Dave Willock, William Aldrich, Russ Conway, Maxine Cooper, Robert Cornthwaite
actors of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, Victor Buono, Wesley Addy, Julie Allred, Anne Barton, Marjorie Bennett, Bert Freed, Anna Lee, Maidie Norman, Dave Willock, William Aldrich, Russ Conway, Maxine Cooper, Robert Cornthwaite
description of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	A former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying Hollywood mansion.
What is the description of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	A former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying Hollywood mansion.
description of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	A former child star torments her paraplegic sister in their decaying Hollywood mansion.
average of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	8.1
What is the average of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	8.1
average of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	8.1
number of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	48788
What is the number of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	48788
number of votes of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	48788
budget of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	$ 980000
What is the budget of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	$ 980000
budget of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	$ 980000
number of reviews from users of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	247.0
What is the number of reviews from users of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	247.0
number of reviews from users of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	247.0
number of reviews from critics of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	106.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?	106.0
number of reviews from critics of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane??	106.0
title of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans
What is the title of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans
title of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans
year of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	1927
What is the year of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	1927
year of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	1927
date of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	1928-03-31
What is the date of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	1928-03-31
date of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	1928-03-31
genre of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Drama, Romance
genre of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	Drama, Romance
duration of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	94
What is the duration of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	94
duration of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	94
country of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	USA
What is the country of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	USA
country of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	USA
language of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	English
What is the language of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	English
language of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	English
director of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	F.W. Murnau
Who is the director of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	F.W. Murnau
director of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	F.W. Murnau
writer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Carl Mayer, Hermann Sudermann
Who is the writer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Carl Mayer, Hermann Sudermann
writer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	Carl Mayer, Hermann Sudermann
producer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Fox Film Corporation
Who is the producer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	Fox Film Corporation
producer of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	Fox Film Corporation
actors of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor, Margaret Livingston, Bodil Rosing, J. Farrell MacDonald, Ralph Sipperly, Jane Winton, Arthur Housman, Eddie Boland
Who are the principle actors of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor, Margaret Livingston, Bodil Rosing, J. Farrell MacDonald, Ralph Sipperly, Jane Winton, Arthur Housman, Eddie Boland
Who are the actors of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor, Margaret Livingston, Bodil Rosing, J. Farrell MacDonald, Ralph Sipperly, Jane Winton, Arthur Housman, Eddie Boland
Who are the main actors of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor, Margaret Livingston, Bodil Rosing, J. Farrell MacDonald, Ralph Sipperly, Jane Winton, Arthur Housman, Eddie Boland
actors of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	George O'Brien, Janet Gaynor, Margaret Livingston, Bodil Rosing, J. Farrell MacDonald, Ralph Sipperly, Jane Winton, Arthur Housman, Eddie Boland
description of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	An allegorical tale about a man fighting the good and evil within him. Both sides are made flesh - one a sophisticated woman he is attracted to and the other his wife.
What is the description of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	An allegorical tale about a man fighting the good and evil within him. Both sides are made flesh - one a sophisticated woman he is attracted to and the other his wife.
description of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	An allegorical tale about a man fighting the good and evil within him. Both sides are made flesh - one a sophisticated woman he is attracted to and the other his wife.
average of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	8.1
What is the average of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	8.1
average of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	8.1
number of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	46069
What is the number of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	46069
number of votes of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	46069
budget of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	$ 200000
What is the budget of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	$ 200000
budget of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	$ 200000
number of reviews from users of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	250.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	250.0
number of reviews from users of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	250.0
number of reviews from critics of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	186.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	186.0
number of reviews from critics of Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans?	186.0
title of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	La passion de Jeanne d'Arc
What is the title of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	La passion de Jeanne d'Arc
title of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	La passion de Jeanne d'Arc
year of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	1928
What is the year of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	1928
year of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	1928
date of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	1929-01-18
What is the date of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	1929-01-18
date of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	1929-01-18
genre of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Biography, Drama, History
genre of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	110
What is the duration of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	110
duration of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	110
country of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	France
What is the country of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	France
country of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	France
language of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	French
What is the language of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	French
language of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	French
director of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Carl Theodor Dreyer
Who is the director of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Carl Theodor Dreyer
director of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	Carl Theodor Dreyer
writer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Joseph Delteil, Carl Theodor Dreyer
Who is the writer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Joseph Delteil, Carl Theodor Dreyer
writer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	Joseph Delteil, Carl Theodor Dreyer
producer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Société générale des films
Who is the producer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Société générale des films
producer of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	Société générale des films
actors of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Maria Falconetti, Eugene Silvain, André Berley, Maurice Schutz, Antonin Artaud, Michel Simon, Jean d'Yd, Louis Ravet, Armand Lurville, Jacques Arnna, Alexandre Mihalesco, Léon Larive
Who are the principle actors of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Maria Falconetti, Eugene Silvain, André Berley, Maurice Schutz, Antonin Artaud, Michel Simon, Jean d'Yd, Louis Ravet, Armand Lurville, Jacques Arnna, Alexandre Mihalesco, Léon Larive
Who are the actors of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Maria Falconetti, Eugene Silvain, André Berley, Maurice Schutz, Antonin Artaud, Michel Simon, Jean d'Yd, Louis Ravet, Armand Lurville, Jacques Arnna, Alexandre Mihalesco, Léon Larive
Who are the main actors of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	Maria Falconetti, Eugene Silvain, André Berley, Maurice Schutz, Antonin Artaud, Michel Simon, Jean d'Yd, Louis Ravet, Armand Lurville, Jacques Arnna, Alexandre Mihalesco, Léon Larive
actors of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	Maria Falconetti, Eugene Silvain, André Berley, Maurice Schutz, Antonin Artaud, Michel Simon, Jean d'Yd, Louis Ravet, Armand Lurville, Jacques Arnna, Alexandre Mihalesco, Léon Larive
description of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	In 1431, Jeanne d'Arc is placed on trial on charges of heresy. The ecclesiastical jurists attempt to force Jeanne to recant her claims of holy visions.
What is the description of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	In 1431, Jeanne d'Arc is placed on trial on charges of heresy. The ecclesiastical jurists attempt to force Jeanne to recant her claims of holy visions.
description of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	In 1431, Jeanne d'Arc is placed on trial on charges of heresy. The ecclesiastical jurists attempt to force Jeanne to recant her claims of holy visions.
average of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	8.1
What is the average of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	8.1
average of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	8.1
number of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	45823
What is the number of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	45823
number of votes of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	45823
budget of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	nan
What is the budget of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	nan
budget of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	nan
number of reviews from users of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	195.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	195.0
number of reviews from users of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	195.0
number of reviews from critics of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	137.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc	137.0
number of reviews from critics of La passion de Jeanne d'Arc?	137.0
title of Paper Moon	Paper Moon
What is the title of Paper Moon	Paper Moon
title of Paper Moon?	Paper Moon
year of Paper Moon	1973
What is the year of Paper Moon	1973
year of Paper Moon?	1973
date of Paper Moon	1973-10-31
What is the date of Paper Moon	1973-10-31
date of Paper Moon?	1973-10-31
genre of Paper Moon	Comedy, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Paper Moon	Comedy, Crime, Drama
genre of Paper Moon?	Comedy, Crime, Drama
duration of Paper Moon	102
What is the duration of Paper Moon	102
duration of Paper Moon?	102
country of Paper Moon	USA
What is the country of Paper Moon	USA
country of Paper Moon?	USA
language of Paper Moon	English
What is the language of Paper Moon	English
language of Paper Moon?	English
director of Paper Moon	Peter Bogdanovich
Who is the director of Paper Moon	Peter Bogdanovich
director of Paper Moon?	Peter Bogdanovich
writer of Paper Moon	Joe David Brown, Alvin Sargent
Who is the writer of Paper Moon	Joe David Brown, Alvin Sargent
writer of Paper Moon?	Joe David Brown, Alvin Sargent
producer of Paper Moon	The Directors Company
Who is the producer of Paper Moon	The Directors Company
producer of Paper Moon?	The Directors Company
actors of Paper Moon	Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, P.J. Johnson, Jessie Lee Fulton, James N. Harrell, Lila Waters, Noble Willingham, Bob Young, Jack Saunders, Jody Wilbur, Liz Ross, Yvonne Harrison, Ed Reed
Who are the principle actors of Paper Moon	Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, P.J. Johnson, Jessie Lee Fulton, James N. Harrell, Lila Waters, Noble Willingham, Bob Young, Jack Saunders, Jody Wilbur, Liz Ross, Yvonne Harrison, Ed Reed
Who are the actors of Paper Moon	Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, P.J. Johnson, Jessie Lee Fulton, James N. Harrell, Lila Waters, Noble Willingham, Bob Young, Jack Saunders, Jody Wilbur, Liz Ross, Yvonne Harrison, Ed Reed
Who are the main actors of Paper Moon	Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, P.J. Johnson, Jessie Lee Fulton, James N. Harrell, Lila Waters, Noble Willingham, Bob Young, Jack Saunders, Jody Wilbur, Liz Ross, Yvonne Harrison, Ed Reed
actors of Paper Moon?	Ryan O'Neal, Tatum O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, P.J. Johnson, Jessie Lee Fulton, James N. Harrell, Lila Waters, Noble Willingham, Bob Young, Jack Saunders, Jody Wilbur, Liz Ross, Yvonne Harrison, Ed Reed
description of Paper Moon	During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership.
What is the description of Paper Moon	During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership.
description of Paper Moon?	During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership.
average of votes of Paper Moon	8.1
What is the average of votes of Paper Moon	8.1
average of votes of Paper Moon?	8.1
number of votes of Paper Moon	41283
What is the number of votes of Paper Moon	41283
number of votes of Paper Moon?	41283
budget of Paper Moon	$ 2500000
What is the budget of Paper Moon	$ 2500000
budget of Paper Moon?	$ 2500000
number of reviews from users of Paper Moon	147.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Paper Moon	147.0
number of reviews from users of Paper Moon?	147.0
number of reviews from critics of Paper Moon	55.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Paper Moon	55.0
number of reviews from critics of Paper Moon?	55.0
title of La grande illusion	La grande illusion
What is the title of La grande illusion	La grande illusion
title of La grande illusion?	La grande illusion
year of La grande illusion	1937
What is the year of La grande illusion	1937
year of La grande illusion?	1937
date of La grande illusion	1947-12-10
What is the date of La grande illusion	1947-12-10
date of La grande illusion?	1947-12-10
genre of La grande illusion	Drama, War
What is the genre of La grande illusion	Drama, War
genre of La grande illusion?	Drama, War
duration of La grande illusion	113
What is the duration of La grande illusion	113
duration of La grande illusion?	113
country of La grande illusion	France
What is the country of La grande illusion	France
country of La grande illusion?	France
language of La grande illusion	French, German, English, Russian
What is the language of La grande illusion	French, German, English, Russian
language of La grande illusion?	French, German, English, Russian
director of La grande illusion	Jean Renoir
Who is the director of La grande illusion	Jean Renoir
director of La grande illusion?	Jean Renoir
writer of La grande illusion	Charles Spaak, Jean Renoir
Who is the writer of La grande illusion	Charles Spaak, Jean Renoir
writer of La grande illusion?	Charles Spaak, Jean Renoir
producer of La grande illusion	Réalisation d'art cinématographique (RAC)
Who is the producer of La grande illusion	Réalisation d'art cinématographique (RAC)
producer of La grande illusion?	Réalisation d'art cinématographique (RAC)
actors of La grande illusion	Jean Gabin, Dita Parlo, Pierre Fresnay, Erich von Stroheim, Julien Carette, Georges Péclet, Werner Florian, Jean Dasté, Sylvain Itkine, Gaston Modot, Marcel Dalio
Who are the principle actors of La grande illusion	Jean Gabin, Dita Parlo, Pierre Fresnay, Erich von Stroheim, Julien Carette, Georges Péclet, Werner Florian, Jean Dasté, Sylvain Itkine, Gaston Modot, Marcel Dalio
Who are the actors of La grande illusion	Jean Gabin, Dita Parlo, Pierre Fresnay, Erich von Stroheim, Julien Carette, Georges Péclet, Werner Florian, Jean Dasté, Sylvain Itkine, Gaston Modot, Marcel Dalio
Who are the main actors of La grande illusion	Jean Gabin, Dita Parlo, Pierre Fresnay, Erich von Stroheim, Julien Carette, Georges Péclet, Werner Florian, Jean Dasté, Sylvain Itkine, Gaston Modot, Marcel Dalio
actors of La grande illusion?	Jean Gabin, Dita Parlo, Pierre Fresnay, Erich von Stroheim, Julien Carette, Georges Péclet, Werner Florian, Jean Dasté, Sylvain Itkine, Gaston Modot, Marcel Dalio
description of La grande illusion	During WWI, two French soldiers are captured and imprisoned in a German P.O.W. camp. Several escape attempts follow until they are eventually sent to a seemingly inescapable fortress.
What is the description of La grande illusion	During WWI, two French soldiers are captured and imprisoned in a German P.O.W. camp. Several escape attempts follow until they are eventually sent to a seemingly inescapable fortress.
description of La grande illusion?	During WWI, two French soldiers are captured and imprisoned in a German P.O.W. camp. Several escape attempts follow until they are eventually sent to a seemingly inescapable fortress.
average of votes of La grande illusion	8.1
What is the average of votes of La grande illusion	8.1
average of votes of La grande illusion?	8.1
number of votes of La grande illusion	33179
What is the number of votes of La grande illusion	33179
number of votes of La grande illusion?	33179
budget of La grande illusion	nan
What is the budget of La grande illusion	nan
budget of La grande illusion?	nan
number of reviews from users of La grande illusion	136.0
What is the number of reviews from users of La grande illusion	136.0
number of reviews from users of La grande illusion?	136.0
number of reviews from critics of La grande illusion	136.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of La grande illusion	136.0
number of reviews from critics of La grande illusion?	136.0
title of Ace in the Hole	Ace in the Hole
What is the title of Ace in the Hole	Ace in the Hole
title of Ace in the Hole?	Ace in the Hole
year of Ace in the Hole	1951
What is the year of Ace in the Hole	1951
year of Ace in the Hole?	1951
date of Ace in the Hole	1952-02-20
What is the date of Ace in the Hole	1952-02-20
date of Ace in the Hole?	1952-02-20
genre of Ace in the Hole	Drama, Film-Noir
What is the genre of Ace in the Hole	Drama, Film-Noir
genre of Ace in the Hole?	Drama, Film-Noir
duration of Ace in the Hole	111
What is the duration of Ace in the Hole	111
duration of Ace in the Hole?	111
country of Ace in the Hole	USA
What is the country of Ace in the Hole	USA
country of Ace in the Hole?	USA
language of Ace in the Hole	English, Spanish, Latin
What is the language of Ace in the Hole	English, Spanish, Latin
language of Ace in the Hole?	English, Spanish, Latin
director of Ace in the Hole	Billy Wilder
Who is the director of Ace in the Hole	Billy Wilder
director of Ace in the Hole?	Billy Wilder
writer of Ace in the Hole	Billy Wilder, Lesser Samuels
Who is the writer of Ace in the Hole	Billy Wilder, Lesser Samuels
writer of Ace in the Hole?	Billy Wilder, Lesser Samuels
producer of Ace in the Hole	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of Ace in the Hole	Paramount Pictures
producer of Ace in the Hole?	Paramount Pictures
actors of Ace in the Hole	Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, Robert Arthur, Porter Hall, Frank Cady, Richard Benedict, Ray Teal, Lewis Martin, John Berkes, Frances Dominguez, Gene Evans, Frank Jaquet, Harry Harvey, Bob Bumpas, Geraldine Hall
Who are the principle actors of Ace in the Hole	Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, Robert Arthur, Porter Hall, Frank Cady, Richard Benedict, Ray Teal, Lewis Martin, John Berkes, Frances Dominguez, Gene Evans, Frank Jaquet, Harry Harvey, Bob Bumpas, Geraldine Hall
Who are the actors of Ace in the Hole	Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, Robert Arthur, Porter Hall, Frank Cady, Richard Benedict, Ray Teal, Lewis Martin, John Berkes, Frances Dominguez, Gene Evans, Frank Jaquet, Harry Harvey, Bob Bumpas, Geraldine Hall
Who are the main actors of Ace in the Hole	Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, Robert Arthur, Porter Hall, Frank Cady, Richard Benedict, Ray Teal, Lewis Martin, John Berkes, Frances Dominguez, Gene Evans, Frank Jaquet, Harry Harvey, Bob Bumpas, Geraldine Hall
actors of Ace in the Hole?	Kirk Douglas, Jan Sterling, Robert Arthur, Porter Hall, Frank Cady, Richard Benedict, Ray Teal, Lewis Martin, John Berkes, Frances Dominguez, Gene Evans, Frank Jaquet, Harry Harvey, Bob Bumpas, Geraldine Hall
description of Ace in the Hole	A frustrated former big-city journalist now stuck working for an Albuquerque newspaper exploits a story about a man trapped in a cave to rekindle his career, but the situation quickly escalates into an out-of-control circus.
What is the description of Ace in the Hole	A frustrated former big-city journalist now stuck working for an Albuquerque newspaper exploits a story about a man trapped in a cave to rekindle his career, but the situation quickly escalates into an out-of-control circus.
description of Ace in the Hole?	A frustrated former big-city journalist now stuck working for an Albuquerque newspaper exploits a story about a man trapped in a cave to rekindle his career, but the situation quickly escalates into an out-of-control circus.
average of votes of Ace in the Hole	8.1
What is the average of votes of Ace in the Hole	8.1
average of votes of Ace in the Hole?	8.1
number of votes of Ace in the Hole	30541
What is the number of votes of Ace in the Hole	30541
number of votes of Ace in the Hole?	30541
budget of Ace in the Hole	$ 1800000
What is the budget of Ace in the Hole	$ 1800000
budget of Ace in the Hole?	$ 1800000
number of reviews from users of Ace in the Hole	182.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Ace in the Hole	182.0
number of reviews from users of Ace in the Hole?	182.0
number of reviews from critics of Ace in the Hole	115.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Ace in the Hole	115.0
number of reviews from critics of Ace in the Hole?	115.0
title of White Heat	White Heat
What is the title of White Heat	White Heat
title of White Heat?	White Heat
year of White Heat	1949
What is the year of White Heat	1949
year of White Heat?	1949
date of White Heat	1950-09-15
What is the date of White Heat	1950-09-15
date of White Heat?	1950-09-15
genre of White Heat	Action, Crime, Drama
What is the genre of White Heat	Action, Crime, Drama
genre of White Heat?	Action, Crime, Drama
duration of White Heat	114
What is the duration of White Heat	114
duration of White Heat?	114
country of White Heat	USA
What is the country of White Heat	USA
country of White Heat?	USA
language of White Heat	English
What is the language of White Heat	English
language of White Heat?	English
director of White Heat	Raoul Walsh
Who is the director of White Heat	Raoul Walsh
director of White Heat?	Raoul Walsh
writer of White Heat	Ivan Goff, Ben Roberts
Who is the writer of White Heat	Ivan Goff, Ben Roberts
writer of White Heat?	Ivan Goff, Ben Roberts
producer of White Heat	Warner Bros.
Who is the producer of White Heat	Warner Bros.
producer of White Heat?	Warner Bros.
actors of White Heat	James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Margaret Wycherly, Steve Cochran, John Archer, Wally Cassell, Fred Clark
Who are the principle actors of White Heat	James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Margaret Wycherly, Steve Cochran, John Archer, Wally Cassell, Fred Clark
Who are the actors of White Heat	James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Margaret Wycherly, Steve Cochran, John Archer, Wally Cassell, Fred Clark
Who are the main actors of White Heat	James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Margaret Wycherly, Steve Cochran, John Archer, Wally Cassell, Fred Clark
actors of White Heat?	James Cagney, Virginia Mayo, Edmond O'Brien, Margaret Wycherly, Steve Cochran, John Archer, Wally Cassell, Fred Clark
description of White Heat	A psychopathic criminal with a mother complex makes a daring break from prison and leads his old gang in a chemical plant payroll heist.
What is the description of White Heat	A psychopathic criminal with a mother complex makes a daring break from prison and leads his old gang in a chemical plant payroll heist.
description of White Heat?	A psychopathic criminal with a mother complex makes a daring break from prison and leads his old gang in a chemical plant payroll heist.
average of votes of White Heat	8.1
What is the average of votes of White Heat	8.1
average of votes of White Heat?	8.1
number of votes of White Heat	28955
What is the number of votes of White Heat	28955
number of votes of White Heat?	28955
budget of White Heat	$ 1300000
What is the budget of White Heat	$ 1300000
budget of White Heat?	$ 1300000
number of reviews from users of White Heat	187.0
What is the number of reviews from users of White Heat	187.0
number of reviews from users of White Heat?	187.0
number of reviews from critics of White Heat	82.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of White Heat	82.0
number of reviews from critics of White Heat?	82.0
title of The Circus	The Circus
What is the title of The Circus	The Circus
title of The Circus?	The Circus
year of The Circus	1928
What is the year of The Circus	1928
year of The Circus?	1928
date of The Circus	1928-10-01
What is the date of The Circus	1928-10-01
date of The Circus?	1928-10-01
genre of The Circus	Comedy, Romance
What is the genre of The Circus	Comedy, Romance
genre of The Circus?	Comedy, Romance
duration of The Circus	72
What is the duration of The Circus	72
duration of The Circus?	72
country of The Circus	USA
What is the country of The Circus	USA
country of The Circus?	USA
language of The Circus	English
What is the language of The Circus	English
language of The Circus?	English
director of The Circus	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of The Circus	Charles Chaplin
director of The Circus?	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Circus	Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of The Circus	Charles Chaplin
writer of The Circus?	Charles Chaplin
producer of The Circus	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of The Circus	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of The Circus?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of The Circus	Al Ernest Garcia, Merna Kennedy, Harry Crocker, George Davis, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, John Rand, Steve Murphy, Charles Chaplin
Who are the principle actors of The Circus	Al Ernest Garcia, Merna Kennedy, Harry Crocker, George Davis, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, John Rand, Steve Murphy, Charles Chaplin
Who are the actors of The Circus	Al Ernest Garcia, Merna Kennedy, Harry Crocker, George Davis, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, John Rand, Steve Murphy, Charles Chaplin
Who are the main actors of The Circus	Al Ernest Garcia, Merna Kennedy, Harry Crocker, George Davis, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, John Rand, Steve Murphy, Charles Chaplin
actors of The Circus?	Al Ernest Garcia, Merna Kennedy, Harry Crocker, George Davis, Henry Bergman, Tiny Sandford, John Rand, Steve Murphy, Charles Chaplin
description of The Circus	The Tramp finds work and the girl of his dreams at a circus.
What is the description of The Circus	The Tramp finds work and the girl of his dreams at a circus.
description of The Circus?	The Tramp finds work and the girl of his dreams at a circus.
average of votes of The Circus	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Circus	8.1
average of votes of The Circus?	8.1
number of votes of The Circus	27414
What is the number of votes of The Circus	27414
number of votes of The Circus?	27414
budget of The Circus	$ 900000
What is the budget of The Circus	$ 900000
budget of The Circus?	$ 900000
number of reviews from users of The Circus	327.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Circus	327.0
number of reviews from users of The Circus?	327.0
number of reviews from critics of The Circus	65.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Circus	65.0
number of reviews from critics of The Circus?	65.0
title of Sweet Smell of Success	Sweet Smell of Success
What is the title of Sweet Smell of Success	Sweet Smell of Success
title of Sweet Smell of Success?	Sweet Smell of Success
year of Sweet Smell of Success	1957
What is the year of Sweet Smell of Success	1957
year of Sweet Smell of Success?	1957
date of Sweet Smell of Success	1957-10-04
What is the date of Sweet Smell of Success	1957-10-04
date of Sweet Smell of Success?	1957-10-04
genre of Sweet Smell of Success	Drama, Film-Noir
What is the genre of Sweet Smell of Success	Drama, Film-Noir
genre of Sweet Smell of Success?	Drama, Film-Noir
duration of Sweet Smell of Success	96
What is the duration of Sweet Smell of Success	96
duration of Sweet Smell of Success?	96
country of Sweet Smell of Success	USA
What is the country of Sweet Smell of Success	USA
country of Sweet Smell of Success?	USA
language of Sweet Smell of Success	English
What is the language of Sweet Smell of Success	English
language of Sweet Smell of Success?	English
director of Sweet Smell of Success	Alexander Mackendrick
Who is the director of Sweet Smell of Success	Alexander Mackendrick
director of Sweet Smell of Success?	Alexander Mackendrick
writer of Sweet Smell of Success	Clifford Odets, Ernest Lehman
Who is the writer of Sweet Smell of Success	Clifford Odets, Ernest Lehman
writer of Sweet Smell of Success?	Clifford Odets, Ernest Lehman
producer of Sweet Smell of Success	Norma Productions
Who is the producer of Sweet Smell of Success	Norma Productions
producer of Sweet Smell of Success?	Norma Productions
actors of Sweet Smell of Success	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison, Martin Milner, Jeff Donnell, Sam Levene, Joe Frisco, Barbara Nichols, Emile Meyer, Edith Atwater, The Chico Hamilton Quintet
Who are the principle actors of Sweet Smell of Success	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison, Martin Milner, Jeff Donnell, Sam Levene, Joe Frisco, Barbara Nichols, Emile Meyer, Edith Atwater, The Chico Hamilton Quintet
Who are the actors of Sweet Smell of Success	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison, Martin Milner, Jeff Donnell, Sam Levene, Joe Frisco, Barbara Nichols, Emile Meyer, Edith Atwater, The Chico Hamilton Quintet
Who are the main actors of Sweet Smell of Success	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison, Martin Milner, Jeff Donnell, Sam Levene, Joe Frisco, Barbara Nichols, Emile Meyer, Edith Atwater, The Chico Hamilton Quintet
actors of Sweet Smell of Success?	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Susan Harrison, Martin Milner, Jeff Donnell, Sam Levene, Joe Frisco, Barbara Nichols, Emile Meyer, Edith Atwater, The Chico Hamilton Quintet
description of Sweet Smell of Success	Powerful but unethical Broadway columnist J.J. Hunsecker coerces unscrupulous press agent Sidney Falco into breaking up his sister's romance with a jazz musician.
What is the description of Sweet Smell of Success	Powerful but unethical Broadway columnist J.J. Hunsecker coerces unscrupulous press agent Sidney Falco into breaking up his sister's romance with a jazz musician.
description of Sweet Smell of Success?	Powerful but unethical Broadway columnist J.J. Hunsecker coerces unscrupulous press agent Sidney Falco into breaking up his sister's romance with a jazz musician.
average of votes of Sweet Smell of Success	8.1
What is the average of votes of Sweet Smell of Success	8.1
average of votes of Sweet Smell of Success?	8.1
number of votes of Sweet Smell of Success	27248
What is the number of votes of Sweet Smell of Success	27248
number of votes of Sweet Smell of Success?	27248
budget of Sweet Smell of Success	$ 3400000
What is the budget of Sweet Smell of Success	$ 3400000
budget of Sweet Smell of Success?	$ 3400000
number of reviews from users of Sweet Smell of Success	155.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Sweet Smell of Success	155.0
number of reviews from users of Sweet Smell of Success?	155.0
number of reviews from critics of Sweet Smell of Success	131.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Sweet Smell of Success	131.0
number of reviews from critics of Sweet Smell of Success?	131.0
title of The Shop Around the Corner	The Shop Around the Corner
What is the title of The Shop Around the Corner	The Shop Around the Corner
title of The Shop Around the Corner?	The Shop Around the Corner
year of The Shop Around the Corner	1940
What is the year of The Shop Around the Corner	1940
year of The Shop Around the Corner?	1940
date of The Shop Around the Corner	1945-10-17
What is the date of The Shop Around the Corner	1945-10-17
date of The Shop Around the Corner?	1945-10-17
genre of The Shop Around the Corner	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of The Shop Around the Corner	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of The Shop Around the Corner?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of The Shop Around the Corner	99
What is the duration of The Shop Around the Corner	99
duration of The Shop Around the Corner?	99
country of The Shop Around the Corner	USA
What is the country of The Shop Around the Corner	USA
country of The Shop Around the Corner?	USA
language of The Shop Around the Corner	English
What is the language of The Shop Around the Corner	English
language of The Shop Around the Corner?	English
director of The Shop Around the Corner	Ernst Lubitsch
Who is the director of The Shop Around the Corner	Ernst Lubitsch
director of The Shop Around the Corner?	Ernst Lubitsch
writer of The Shop Around the Corner	Samson Raphaelson, Miklós László
Who is the writer of The Shop Around the Corner	Samson Raphaelson, Miklós László
writer of The Shop Around the Corner?	Samson Raphaelson, Miklós László
producer of The Shop Around the Corner	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of The Shop Around the Corner	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of The Shop Around the Corner?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of The Shop Around the Corner	Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart, Frank Morgan, Joseph Schildkraut, Sara Haden, Felix Bressart, William Tracy, Inez Courtney, Sarah Edwards, Edwin Maxwell, Charles Halton, Charles Smith
Who are the principle actors of The Shop Around the Corner	Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart, Frank Morgan, Joseph Schildkraut, Sara Haden, Felix Bressart, William Tracy, Inez Courtney, Sarah Edwards, Edwin Maxwell, Charles Halton, Charles Smith
Who are the actors of The Shop Around the Corner	Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart, Frank Morgan, Joseph Schildkraut, Sara Haden, Felix Bressart, William Tracy, Inez Courtney, Sarah Edwards, Edwin Maxwell, Charles Halton, Charles Smith
Who are the main actors of The Shop Around the Corner	Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart, Frank Morgan, Joseph Schildkraut, Sara Haden, Felix Bressart, William Tracy, Inez Courtney, Sarah Edwards, Edwin Maxwell, Charles Halton, Charles Smith
actors of The Shop Around the Corner?	Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart, Frank Morgan, Joseph Schildkraut, Sara Haden, Felix Bressart, William Tracy, Inez Courtney, Sarah Edwards, Edwin Maxwell, Charles Halton, Charles Smith
description of The Shop Around the Corner	Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand each other, without realizing that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal.
What is the description of The Shop Around the Corner	Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand each other, without realizing that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal.
description of The Shop Around the Corner?	Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand each other, without realizing that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal.
average of votes of The Shop Around the Corner	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Shop Around the Corner	8.1
average of votes of The Shop Around the Corner?	8.1
number of votes of The Shop Around the Corner	26822
What is the number of votes of The Shop Around the Corner	26822
number of votes of The Shop Around the Corner?	26822
budget of The Shop Around the Corner	nan
What is the budget of The Shop Around the Corner	nan
budget of The Shop Around the Corner?	nan
number of reviews from users of The Shop Around the Corner	161.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Shop Around the Corner	161.0
number of reviews from users of The Shop Around the Corner?	161.0
number of reviews from critics of The Shop Around the Corner	65.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Shop Around the Corner	65.0
number of reviews from critics of The Shop Around the Corner?	65.0
title of Inherit the Wind	Inherit the Wind
What is the title of Inherit the Wind	Inherit the Wind
title of Inherit the Wind?	Inherit the Wind
year of Inherit the Wind	1960
What is the year of Inherit the Wind	1960
year of Inherit the Wind?	1960
date of Inherit the Wind	1960-12-01
What is the date of Inherit the Wind	1960-12-01
date of Inherit the Wind?	1960-12-01
genre of Inherit the Wind	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of Inherit the Wind	Biography, Drama, History
genre of Inherit the Wind?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of Inherit the Wind	128
What is the duration of Inherit the Wind	128
duration of Inherit the Wind?	128
country of Inherit the Wind	USA
What is the country of Inherit the Wind	USA
country of Inherit the Wind?	USA
language of Inherit the Wind	English
What is the language of Inherit the Wind	English
language of Inherit the Wind?	English
director of Inherit the Wind	Stanley Kramer
Who is the director of Inherit the Wind	Stanley Kramer
director of Inherit the Wind?	Stanley Kramer
writer of Inherit the Wind	Nedrick Young, Harold Jacob Smith
Who is the writer of Inherit the Wind	Nedrick Young, Harold Jacob Smith
writer of Inherit the Wind?	Nedrick Young, Harold Jacob Smith
producer of Inherit the Wind	Stanley Kramer Productions
Who is the producer of Inherit the Wind	Stanley Kramer Productions
producer of Inherit the Wind?	Stanley Kramer Productions
actors of Inherit the Wind	Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Dick York, Donna Anderson, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Elliott Reid, Paul Hartman, Philip Coolidge, Jimmy Boyd, Noah Beery Jr., Norman Fell, Gordon Polk, Hope Summers
Who are the principle actors of Inherit the Wind	Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Dick York, Donna Anderson, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Elliott Reid, Paul Hartman, Philip Coolidge, Jimmy Boyd, Noah Beery Jr., Norman Fell, Gordon Polk, Hope Summers
Who are the actors of Inherit the Wind	Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Dick York, Donna Anderson, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Elliott Reid, Paul Hartman, Philip Coolidge, Jimmy Boyd, Noah Beery Jr., Norman Fell, Gordon Polk, Hope Summers
Who are the main actors of Inherit the Wind	Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Dick York, Donna Anderson, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Elliott Reid, Paul Hartman, Philip Coolidge, Jimmy Boyd, Noah Beery Jr., Norman Fell, Gordon Polk, Hope Summers
actors of Inherit the Wind?	Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gene Kelly, Dick York, Donna Anderson, Harry Morgan, Claude Akins, Elliott Reid, Paul Hartman, Philip Coolidge, Jimmy Boyd, Noah Beery Jr., Norman Fell, Gordon Polk, Hope Summers
description of Inherit the Wind	Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great lawyers argue the case for and against a science teacher accused of the crime of teaching evolution.
What is the description of Inherit the Wind	Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great lawyers argue the case for and against a science teacher accused of the crime of teaching evolution.
description of Inherit the Wind?	Based on a real-life case in 1925, two great lawyers argue the case for and against a science teacher accused of the crime of teaching evolution.
average of votes of Inherit the Wind	8.1
What is the average of votes of Inherit the Wind	8.1
average of votes of Inherit the Wind?	8.1
number of votes of Inherit the Wind	26652
What is the number of votes of Inherit the Wind	26652
number of votes of Inherit the Wind?	26652
budget of Inherit the Wind	nan
What is the budget of Inherit the Wind	nan
budget of Inherit the Wind?	nan
number of reviews from users of Inherit the Wind	190.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Inherit the Wind	190.0
number of reviews from users of Inherit the Wind?	190.0
number of reviews from critics of Inherit the Wind	77.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Inherit the Wind	77.0
number of reviews from critics of Inherit the Wind?	77.0
title of Safety Last!	Safety Last!
What is the title of Safety Last!	Safety Last!
title of Safety Last!?	Safety Last!
year of Safety Last!	1923
What is the year of Safety Last!	1923
year of Safety Last!?	1923
date of Safety Last!	1924-12-08
What is the date of Safety Last!	1924-12-08
date of Safety Last!?	1924-12-08
genre of Safety Last!	Action, Comedy, Thriller
What is the genre of Safety Last!	Action, Comedy, Thriller
genre of Safety Last!?	Action, Comedy, Thriller
duration of Safety Last!	74
What is the duration of Safety Last!	74
duration of Safety Last!?	74
country of Safety Last!	USA
What is the country of Safety Last!	USA
country of Safety Last!?	USA
language of Safety Last!	English
What is the language of Safety Last!	English
language of Safety Last!?	English
director of Safety Last!	Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor
Who is the director of Safety Last!	Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor
director of Safety Last!?	Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor
writer of Safety Last!	Hal Roach, Sam Taylor
Who is the writer of Safety Last!	Hal Roach, Sam Taylor
writer of Safety Last!?	Hal Roach, Sam Taylor
producer of Safety Last!	Hal Roach Studios
Who is the producer of Safety Last!	Hal Roach Studios
producer of Safety Last!?	Hal Roach Studios
actors of Safety Last!	Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah Young, Westcott Clarke
Who are the principle actors of Safety Last!	Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah Young, Westcott Clarke
Who are the actors of Safety Last!	Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah Young, Westcott Clarke
Who are the main actors of Safety Last!	Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah Young, Westcott Clarke
actors of Safety Last!?	Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Bill Strother, Noah Young, Westcott Clarke
description of Safety Last!	A boy leaves his small country town and heads to the big city to get a job. As soon as he makes it big his sweetheart will join him and marry him. His enthusiasm to get ahead leads to some interesting adventures.
What is the description of Safety Last!	A boy leaves his small country town and heads to the big city to get a job. As soon as he makes it big his sweetheart will join him and marry him. His enthusiasm to get ahead leads to some interesting adventures.
description of Safety Last!?	A boy leaves his small country town and heads to the big city to get a job. As soon as he makes it big his sweetheart will join him and marry him. His enthusiasm to get ahead leads to some interesting adventures.
average of votes of Safety Last!	8.1
What is the average of votes of Safety Last!	8.1
average of votes of Safety Last!?	8.1
number of votes of Safety Last!	17795
What is the number of votes of Safety Last!	17795
number of votes of Safety Last!?	17795
budget of Safety Last!	$ 121000
What is the budget of Safety Last!	$ 121000
budget of Safety Last!?	$ 121000
number of reviews from users of Safety Last!	91.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Safety Last!	91.0
number of reviews from users of Safety Last!?	91.0
number of reviews from critics of Safety Last!	93.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Safety Last!	93.0
number of reviews from critics of Safety Last!?	93.0
title of Limelight	Limelight
What is the title of Limelight	Limelight
title of Limelight?	Limelight
year of Limelight	1952
What is the year of Limelight	1952
year of Limelight?	1952
date of Limelight	1952-12-23
What is the date of Limelight	1952-12-23
date of Limelight?	1952-12-23
genre of Limelight	Drama, Music, Romance
What is the genre of Limelight	Drama, Music, Romance
genre of Limelight?	Drama, Music, Romance
duration of Limelight	137
What is the duration of Limelight	137
duration of Limelight?	137
country of Limelight	USA
What is the country of Limelight	USA
country of Limelight?	USA
language of Limelight	English
What is the language of Limelight	English
language of Limelight?	English
director of Limelight	Charles Chaplin
Who is the director of Limelight	Charles Chaplin
director of Limelight?	Charles Chaplin
writer of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Charles Chaplin
Who is the writer of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Charles Chaplin
writer of Limelight?	Charles Chaplin, Charles Chaplin
producer of Limelight	Charles Chaplin Productions
Who is the producer of Limelight	Charles Chaplin Productions
producer of Limelight?	Charles Chaplin Productions
actors of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Claire Bloom, Nigel Bruce, Buster Keaton, Sydney Chaplin, Norman Lloyd, Andre Eglevsky, Melissa Hayden, Marjorie Bennett, Wheeler Dryden, Barry Bernard, Stapleton Kent, Molly Glessing, Leonard Mudie, Loyal Underwood
Who are the principle actors of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Claire Bloom, Nigel Bruce, Buster Keaton, Sydney Chaplin, Norman Lloyd, Andre Eglevsky, Melissa Hayden, Marjorie Bennett, Wheeler Dryden, Barry Bernard, Stapleton Kent, Molly Glessing, Leonard Mudie, Loyal Underwood
Who are the actors of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Claire Bloom, Nigel Bruce, Buster Keaton, Sydney Chaplin, Norman Lloyd, Andre Eglevsky, Melissa Hayden, Marjorie Bennett, Wheeler Dryden, Barry Bernard, Stapleton Kent, Molly Glessing, Leonard Mudie, Loyal Underwood
Who are the main actors of Limelight	Charles Chaplin, Claire Bloom, Nigel Bruce, Buster Keaton, Sydney Chaplin, Norman Lloyd, Andre Eglevsky, Melissa Hayden, Marjorie Bennett, Wheeler Dryden, Barry Bernard, Stapleton Kent, Molly Glessing, Leonard Mudie, Loyal Underwood
actors of Limelight?	Charles Chaplin, Claire Bloom, Nigel Bruce, Buster Keaton, Sydney Chaplin, Norman Lloyd, Andre Eglevsky, Melissa Hayden, Marjorie Bennett, Wheeler Dryden, Barry Bernard, Stapleton Kent, Molly Glessing, Leonard Mudie, Loyal Underwood
description of Limelight	A fading comedian and a suicidally despondent ballet dancer must look to each other to find purpose and hope in their lives.
What is the description of Limelight	A fading comedian and a suicidally despondent ballet dancer must look to each other to find purpose and hope in their lives.
description of Limelight?	A fading comedian and a suicidally despondent ballet dancer must look to each other to find purpose and hope in their lives.
average of votes of Limelight	8.1
What is the average of votes of Limelight	8.1
average of votes of Limelight?	8.1
number of votes of Limelight	17670
What is the number of votes of Limelight	17670
number of votes of Limelight?	17670
budget of Limelight	nan
What is the budget of Limelight	nan
budget of Limelight?	nan
number of reviews from users of Limelight	110.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Limelight	110.0
number of reviews from users of Limelight?	110.0
number of reviews from critics of Limelight	55.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Limelight	55.0
number of reviews from critics of Limelight?	55.0
title of The Miracle Worker	The Miracle Worker
What is the title of The Miracle Worker	The Miracle Worker
title of The Miracle Worker?	The Miracle Worker
year of The Miracle Worker	1962
What is the year of The Miracle Worker	1962
year of The Miracle Worker?	1962
date of The Miracle Worker	1962-11-07
What is the date of The Miracle Worker	1962-11-07
date of The Miracle Worker?	1962-11-07
genre of The Miracle Worker	Biography, Drama
What is the genre of The Miracle Worker	Biography, Drama
genre of The Miracle Worker?	Biography, Drama
duration of The Miracle Worker	106
What is the duration of The Miracle Worker	106
duration of The Miracle Worker?	106
country of The Miracle Worker	USA
What is the country of The Miracle Worker	USA
country of The Miracle Worker?	USA
language of The Miracle Worker	English, American Sign Language
What is the language of The Miracle Worker	English, American Sign Language
language of The Miracle Worker?	English, American Sign Language
director of The Miracle Worker	Arthur Penn
Who is the director of The Miracle Worker	Arthur Penn
director of The Miracle Worker?	Arthur Penn
writer of The Miracle Worker	William Gibson, William Gibson
Who is the writer of The Miracle Worker	William Gibson, William Gibson
writer of The Miracle Worker?	William Gibson, William Gibson
producer of The Miracle Worker	Playfilm Productions
Who is the producer of The Miracle Worker	Playfilm Productions
producer of The Miracle Worker?	Playfilm Productions
actors of The Miracle Worker	Anne Bancroft, Victor Jory, Inga Swenson, Andrew Prine, Kathleen Comegys, Patty Duke
Who are the principle actors of The Miracle Worker	Anne Bancroft, Victor Jory, Inga Swenson, Andrew Prine, Kathleen Comegys, Patty Duke
Who are the actors of The Miracle Worker	Anne Bancroft, Victor Jory, Inga Swenson, Andrew Prine, Kathleen Comegys, Patty Duke
Who are the main actors of The Miracle Worker	Anne Bancroft, Victor Jory, Inga Swenson, Andrew Prine, Kathleen Comegys, Patty Duke
actors of The Miracle Worker?	Anne Bancroft, Victor Jory, Inga Swenson, Andrew Prine, Kathleen Comegys, Patty Duke
description of The Miracle Worker	The story of
What is the description of The Miracle Worker	The story of
description of The Miracle Worker?	The story of
average of votes of The Miracle Worker	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Miracle Worker	8.1
average of votes of The Miracle Worker?	8.1
number of votes of The Miracle Worker	15609
What is the number of votes of The Miracle Worker	15609
number of votes of The Miracle Worker?	15609
budget of The Miracle Worker	$ 500000
What is the budget of The Miracle Worker	$ 500000
budget of The Miracle Worker?	$ 500000
number of reviews from users of The Miracle Worker	104.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Miracle Worker	104.0
number of reviews from users of The Miracle Worker?	104.0
number of reviews from critics of The Miracle Worker	46.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Miracle Worker	46.0
number of reviews from critics of The Miracle Worker?	46.0
title of The Heiress	The Heiress
What is the title of The Heiress	The Heiress
title of The Heiress?	The Heiress
year of The Heiress	1949
What is the year of The Heiress	1949
year of The Heiress?	1949
date of The Heiress	1950-11-23
What is the date of The Heiress	1950-11-23
date of The Heiress?	1950-11-23
genre of The Heiress	Drama, Romance
What is the genre of The Heiress	Drama, Romance
genre of The Heiress?	Drama, Romance
duration of The Heiress	115
What is the duration of The Heiress	115
duration of The Heiress?	115
country of The Heiress	USA
What is the country of The Heiress	USA
country of The Heiress?	USA
language of The Heiress	English, French
What is the language of The Heiress	English, French
language of The Heiress?	English, French
director of The Heiress	William Wyler
Who is the director of The Heiress	William Wyler
director of The Heiress?	William Wyler
writer of The Heiress	Ruth Goetz, Augustus Goetz
Who is the writer of The Heiress	Ruth Goetz, Augustus Goetz
writer of The Heiress?	Ruth Goetz, Augustus Goetz
producer of The Heiress	Paramount Pictures
Who is the producer of The Heiress	Paramount Pictures
producer of The Heiress?	Paramount Pictures
actors of The Heiress	Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, Miriam Hopkins, Vanessa Brown, Betty Linley, Ray Collins, Mona Freeman, Selena Royle, Paul Lees, Harry Antrim, Russ Conway, David Thursby
Who are the principle actors of The Heiress	Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, Miriam Hopkins, Vanessa Brown, Betty Linley, Ray Collins, Mona Freeman, Selena Royle, Paul Lees, Harry Antrim, Russ Conway, David Thursby
Who are the actors of The Heiress	Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, Miriam Hopkins, Vanessa Brown, Betty Linley, Ray Collins, Mona Freeman, Selena Royle, Paul Lees, Harry Antrim, Russ Conway, David Thursby
Who are the main actors of The Heiress	Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, Miriam Hopkins, Vanessa Brown, Betty Linley, Ray Collins, Mona Freeman, Selena Royle, Paul Lees, Harry Antrim, Russ Conway, David Thursby
actors of The Heiress?	Olivia de Havilland, Montgomery Clift, Ralph Richardson, Miriam Hopkins, Vanessa Brown, Betty Linley, Ray Collins, Mona Freeman, Selena Royle, Paul Lees, Harry Antrim, Russ Conway, David Thursby
description of The Heiress	A young naive woman falls for a handsome young man who her emotionally abusive father suspects is a fortune hunter.
What is the description of The Heiress	A young naive woman falls for a handsome young man who her emotionally abusive father suspects is a fortune hunter.
description of The Heiress?	A young naive woman falls for a handsome young man who her emotionally abusive father suspects is a fortune hunter.
average of votes of The Heiress	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Heiress	8.1
average of votes of The Heiress?	8.1
number of votes of The Heiress	13301
What is the number of votes of The Heiress	13301
number of votes of The Heiress?	13301
budget of The Heiress	$ 2600000
What is the budget of The Heiress	$ 2600000
budget of The Heiress?	$ 2600000
number of reviews from users of The Heiress	140.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Heiress	140.0
number of reviews from users of The Heiress?	140.0
number of reviews from critics of The Heiress	61.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Heiress	61.0
number of reviews from critics of The Heiress?	61.0
title of Divorzio all'italiana	Divorzio all'italiana
What is the title of Divorzio all'italiana	Divorzio all'italiana
title of Divorzio all'italiana?	Divorzio all'italiana
year of Divorzio all'italiana	1961
What is the year of Divorzio all'italiana	1961
year of Divorzio all'italiana?	1961
date of Divorzio all'italiana	1962-05-22
What is the date of Divorzio all'italiana	1962-05-22
date of Divorzio all'italiana?	1962-05-22
genre of Divorzio all'italiana	Comedy, Drama, Romance
What is the genre of Divorzio all'italiana	Comedy, Drama, Romance
genre of Divorzio all'italiana?	Comedy, Drama, Romance
duration of Divorzio all'italiana	105
What is the duration of Divorzio all'italiana	105
duration of Divorzio all'italiana?	105
country of Divorzio all'italiana	Italy
What is the country of Divorzio all'italiana	Italy
country of Divorzio all'italiana?	Italy
language of Divorzio all'italiana	Italian
What is the language of Divorzio all'italiana	Italian
language of Divorzio all'italiana?	Italian
director of Divorzio all'italiana	Pietro Germi
Who is the director of Divorzio all'italiana	Pietro Germi
director of Divorzio all'italiana?	Pietro Germi
writer of Divorzio all'italiana	Alfredo Giannetti, Ennio De Concini
Who is the writer of Divorzio all'italiana	Alfredo Giannetti, Ennio De Concini
writer of Divorzio all'italiana?	Alfredo Giannetti, Ennio De Concini
producer of Divorzio all'italiana	Lux Film
Who is the producer of Divorzio all'italiana	Lux Film
producer of Divorzio all'italiana?	Lux Film
actors of Divorzio all'italiana	Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Leopoldo Trieste, Odoardo Spadaro, Margherita Girelli, Angela Cardile, Lando Buzzanca, Pietro Tordi, Ugo Torrente, Antonio Acqua, Bianca Castagnetta, Giovanni Fassiolo, Ignazio Roberto Daidone, Francesco Nicastro
Who are the principle actors of Divorzio all'italiana	Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Leopoldo Trieste, Odoardo Spadaro, Margherita Girelli, Angela Cardile, Lando Buzzanca, Pietro Tordi, Ugo Torrente, Antonio Acqua, Bianca Castagnetta, Giovanni Fassiolo, Ignazio Roberto Daidone, Francesco Nicastro
Who are the actors of Divorzio all'italiana	Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Leopoldo Trieste, Odoardo Spadaro, Margherita Girelli, Angela Cardile, Lando Buzzanca, Pietro Tordi, Ugo Torrente, Antonio Acqua, Bianca Castagnetta, Giovanni Fassiolo, Ignazio Roberto Daidone, Francesco Nicastro
Who are the main actors of Divorzio all'italiana	Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Leopoldo Trieste, Odoardo Spadaro, Margherita Girelli, Angela Cardile, Lando Buzzanca, Pietro Tordi, Ugo Torrente, Antonio Acqua, Bianca Castagnetta, Giovanni Fassiolo, Ignazio Roberto Daidone, Francesco Nicastro
actors of Divorzio all'italiana?	Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Leopoldo Trieste, Odoardo Spadaro, Margherita Girelli, Angela Cardile, Lando Buzzanca, Pietro Tordi, Ugo Torrente, Antonio Acqua, Bianca Castagnetta, Giovanni Fassiolo, Ignazio Roberto Daidone, Francesco Nicastro
description of Divorzio all'italiana	A married Sicilian baron falls in love with his cousin and vows to wed her, but with divorce illegal he must concoct a crime of passion to do away with his wife.
What is the description of Divorzio all'italiana	A married Sicilian baron falls in love with his cousin and vows to wed her, but with divorce illegal he must concoct a crime of passion to do away with his wife.
description of Divorzio all'italiana?	A married Sicilian baron falls in love with his cousin and vows to wed her, but with divorce illegal he must concoct a crime of passion to do away with his wife.
average of votes of Divorzio all'italiana	8.1
What is the average of votes of Divorzio all'italiana	8.1
average of votes of Divorzio all'italiana?	8.1
number of votes of Divorzio all'italiana	11179
What is the number of votes of Divorzio all'italiana	11179
number of votes of Divorzio all'italiana?	11179
budget of Divorzio all'italiana	nan
What is the budget of Divorzio all'italiana	nan
budget of Divorzio all'italiana?	nan
number of reviews from users of Divorzio all'italiana	40.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Divorzio all'italiana	40.0
number of reviews from users of Divorzio all'italiana?	40.0
number of reviews from critics of Divorzio all'italiana	45.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Divorzio all'italiana	45.0
number of reviews from critics of Divorzio all'italiana?	45.0
title of The Cameraman	The Cameraman
What is the title of The Cameraman	The Cameraman
title of The Cameraman?	The Cameraman
year of The Cameraman	1928
What is the year of The Cameraman	1928
year of The Cameraman?	1928
date of The Cameraman	1970-12-19
What is the date of The Cameraman	1970-12-19
date of The Cameraman?	1970-12-19
genre of The Cameraman	Comedy, Drama, Family
What is the genre of The Cameraman	Comedy, Drama, Family
genre of The Cameraman?	Comedy, Drama, Family
duration of The Cameraman	76
What is the duration of The Cameraman	76
duration of The Cameraman?	76
country of The Cameraman	USA
What is the country of The Cameraman	USA
country of The Cameraman?	USA
language of The Cameraman	English
What is the language of The Cameraman	English
language of The Cameraman?	English
director of The Cameraman	Edward Sedgwick, Buster Keaton
Who is the director of The Cameraman	Edward Sedgwick, Buster Keaton
director of The Cameraman?	Edward Sedgwick, Buster Keaton
writer of The Cameraman	Clyde Bruckman, Lew Lipton
Who is the writer of The Cameraman	Clyde Bruckman, Lew Lipton
writer of The Cameraman?	Clyde Bruckman, Lew Lipton
producer of The Cameraman	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
Who is the producer of The Cameraman	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
producer of The Cameraman?	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)
actors of The Cameraman	Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, Harold Goodwin, Sidney Bracey, Harry Gribbon
Who are the principle actors of The Cameraman	Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, Harold Goodwin, Sidney Bracey, Harry Gribbon
Who are the actors of The Cameraman	Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, Harold Goodwin, Sidney Bracey, Harry Gribbon
Who are the main actors of The Cameraman	Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, Harold Goodwin, Sidney Bracey, Harry Gribbon
actors of The Cameraman?	Buster Keaton, Marceline Day, Harold Goodwin, Sidney Bracey, Harry Gribbon
description of The Cameraman	Hopelessly in love with a woman working at MGM Studios, a clumsy man attempts to become a motion picture cameraman to be close to the object of his desire.
What is the description of The Cameraman	Hopelessly in love with a woman working at MGM Studios, a clumsy man attempts to become a motion picture cameraman to be close to the object of his desire.
description of The Cameraman?	Hopelessly in love with a woman working at MGM Studios, a clumsy man attempts to become a motion picture cameraman to be close to the object of his desire.
average of votes of The Cameraman	8.1
What is the average of votes of The Cameraman	8.1
average of votes of The Cameraman?	8.1
number of votes of The Cameraman	10101
What is the number of votes of The Cameraman	10101
number of votes of The Cameraman?	10101
budget of The Cameraman	nan
What is the budget of The Cameraman	nan
budget of The Cameraman?	nan
number of reviews from users of The Cameraman	61.0
What is the number of reviews from users of The Cameraman	61.0
number of reviews from users of The Cameraman?	61.0
number of reviews from critics of The Cameraman	49.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of The Cameraman	49.0
number of reviews from critics of The Cameraman?	49.0
title of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto
What is the title of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto
title of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto
year of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	1970
What is the year of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	1970
year of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	1970
date of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	1970-09-09
What is the date of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	1970-09-09
date of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	1970-09-09
genre of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Crime, Drama
What is the genre of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Crime, Drama
genre of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Crime, Drama
duration of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	115
What is the duration of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	115
duration of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	115
country of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Italy
What is the country of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Italy
country of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Italy
language of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Italian
What is the language of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Italian
language of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Italian
director of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Elio Petri
Who is the director of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Elio Petri
director of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Elio Petri
writer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Elio Petri, Ugo Pirro
Who is the writer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Elio Petri, Ugo Pirro
writer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Elio Petri, Ugo Pirro
producer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Vera Films S.p.a.
Who is the producer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Vera Films S.p.a.
producer of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Vera Films S.p.a.
actors of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Gian Maria Volontè, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio Orlando, Sergio Tramonti, Arturo Dominici, Aldo Rendine, Massimo Foschi, Aleka Paizi, Vittorio Duse, Pino Patti, Salvo Randone, Giuseppe Licastro, Filippo De Gara, Fulvio Grimaldi
Who are the principle actors of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Gian Maria Volontè, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio Orlando, Sergio Tramonti, Arturo Dominici, Aldo Rendine, Massimo Foschi, Aleka Paizi, Vittorio Duse, Pino Patti, Salvo Randone, Giuseppe Licastro, Filippo De Gara, Fulvio Grimaldi
Who are the actors of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Gian Maria Volontè, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio Orlando, Sergio Tramonti, Arturo Dominici, Aldo Rendine, Massimo Foschi, Aleka Paizi, Vittorio Duse, Pino Patti, Salvo Randone, Giuseppe Licastro, Filippo De Gara, Fulvio Grimaldi
Who are the main actors of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	Gian Maria Volontè, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio Orlando, Sergio Tramonti, Arturo Dominici, Aldo Rendine, Massimo Foschi, Aleka Paizi, Vittorio Duse, Pino Patti, Salvo Randone, Giuseppe Licastro, Filippo De Gara, Fulvio Grimaldi
actors of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	Gian Maria Volontè, Florinda Bolkan, Gianni Santuccio, Orazio Orlando, Sergio Tramonti, Arturo Dominici, Aldo Rendine, Massimo Foschi, Aleka Paizi, Vittorio Duse, Pino Patti, Salvo Randone, Giuseppe Licastro, Filippo De Gara, Fulvio Grimaldi
description of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	A chief of detectives, homicide section, kills his mistress and deliberately leaves clues to prove his own responsibility for the crime.
What is the description of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	A chief of detectives, homicide section, kills his mistress and deliberately leaves clues to prove his own responsibility for the crime.
description of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	A chief of detectives, homicide section, kills his mistress and deliberately leaves clues to prove his own responsibility for the crime.
average of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	8.1
What is the average of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	8.1
average of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	8.1
number of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	9101
What is the number of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	9101
number of votes of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	9101
budget of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	nan
What is the budget of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	nan
budget of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	nan
number of reviews from users of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	37.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	37.0
number of reviews from users of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	37.0
number of reviews from critics of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	63.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto	63.0
number of reviews from critics of Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto?	63.0
title of Greed	Greed
What is the title of Greed	Greed
title of Greed?	Greed
year of Greed	1924
What is the year of Greed	1924
year of Greed?	1924
date of Greed	1925-01-26
What is the date of Greed	1925-01-26
date of Greed?	1925-01-26
genre of Greed	Drama, Thriller, Western
What is the genre of Greed	Drama, Thriller, Western
genre of Greed?	Drama, Thriller, Western
duration of Greed	140
What is the duration of Greed	140
duration of Greed?	140
country of Greed	USA
What is the country of Greed	USA
country of Greed?	USA
language of Greed	English
What is the language of Greed	English
language of Greed?	English
director of Greed	Erich von Stroheim
Who is the director of Greed	Erich von Stroheim
director of Greed?	Erich von Stroheim
writer of Greed	June Mathis, Erich von Stroheim
Who is the writer of Greed	June Mathis, Erich von Stroheim
writer of Greed?	June Mathis, Erich von Stroheim
producer of Greed	Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation
Who is the producer of Greed	Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation
producer of Greed?	Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation
actors of Greed	Zasu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, Jean Hersholt, Dale Fuller, Tempe Pigott, Sylvia Ashton, Chester Conklin, Joan Standing
Who are the principle actors of Greed	Zasu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, Jean Hersholt, Dale Fuller, Tempe Pigott, Sylvia Ashton, Chester Conklin, Joan Standing
Who are the actors of Greed	Zasu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, Jean Hersholt, Dale Fuller, Tempe Pigott, Sylvia Ashton, Chester Conklin, Joan Standing
Who are the main actors of Greed	Zasu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, Jean Hersholt, Dale Fuller, Tempe Pigott, Sylvia Ashton, Chester Conklin, Joan Standing
actors of Greed?	Zasu Pitts, Gibson Gowland, Jean Hersholt, Dale Fuller, Tempe Pigott, Sylvia Ashton, Chester Conklin, Joan Standing
description of Greed	The sudden fortune won from a lottery fans such destructive greed that it ruins the lives of the three people involved.
What is the description of Greed	The sudden fortune won from a lottery fans such destructive greed that it ruins the lives of the three people involved.
description of Greed?	The sudden fortune won from a lottery fans such destructive greed that it ruins the lives of the three people involved.
average of votes of Greed	8.1
What is the average of votes of Greed	8.1
average of votes of Greed?	8.1
number of votes of Greed	8898
What is the number of votes of Greed	8898
number of votes of Greed?	8898
budget of Greed	$ 546883
What is the budget of Greed	$ 546883
budget of Greed?	$ 546883
number of reviews from users of Greed	88.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Greed	88.0
number of reviews from users of Greed?	88.0
number of reviews from critics of Greed	50.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Greed	50.0
number of reviews from critics of Greed?	50.0
title of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Napoléon vu par Abel Gance
What is the title of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Napoléon vu par Abel Gance
title of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Napoléon vu par Abel Gance
year of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	1927
What is the year of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	1927
year of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	1927
date of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	1927-04-07
What is the date of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	1927-04-07
date of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	1927-04-07
genre of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Biography, Drama, History
What is the genre of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Biography, Drama, History
genre of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Biography, Drama, History
duration of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	240
What is the duration of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	240
duration of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	240
country of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	France
What is the country of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	France
country of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	France
language of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	nan
What is the language of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	nan
language of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	nan
director of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Abel Gance
Who is the director of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Abel Gance
director of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Abel Gance
writer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Abel Gance
Who is the writer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Abel Gance
writer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Abel Gance
producer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Ciné France
Who is the producer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Ciné France
producer of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Ciné France
actors of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Albert Dieudonné, Vladimir Roudenko, Edmond Van Daële, Alexandre Koubitzky, Antonin Artaud, Abel Gance, Gina Manès, Suzanne Bianchetti, Marguerite Gance, Yvette Dieudonné, Philippe Hériat, Pierre Batcheff, Eugénie Buffet, Acho Chakatouny, Nicolas Koline
Who are the principle actors of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Albert Dieudonné, Vladimir Roudenko, Edmond Van Daële, Alexandre Koubitzky, Antonin Artaud, Abel Gance, Gina Manès, Suzanne Bianchetti, Marguerite Gance, Yvette Dieudonné, Philippe Hériat, Pierre Batcheff, Eugénie Buffet, Acho Chakatouny, Nicolas Koline
Who are the actors of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Albert Dieudonné, Vladimir Roudenko, Edmond Van Daële, Alexandre Koubitzky, Antonin Artaud, Abel Gance, Gina Manès, Suzanne Bianchetti, Marguerite Gance, Yvette Dieudonné, Philippe Hériat, Pierre Batcheff, Eugénie Buffet, Acho Chakatouny, Nicolas Koline
Who are the main actors of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	Albert Dieudonné, Vladimir Roudenko, Edmond Van Daële, Alexandre Koubitzky, Antonin Artaud, Abel Gance, Gina Manès, Suzanne Bianchetti, Marguerite Gance, Yvette Dieudonné, Philippe Hériat, Pierre Batcheff, Eugénie Buffet, Acho Chakatouny, Nicolas Koline
actors of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	Albert Dieudonné, Vladimir Roudenko, Edmond Van Daële, Alexandre Koubitzky, Antonin Artaud, Abel Gance, Gina Manès, Suzanne Bianchetti, Marguerite Gance, Yvette Dieudonné, Philippe Hériat, Pierre Batcheff, Eugénie Buffet, Acho Chakatouny, Nicolas Koline
description of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	A film about the French general's youth and early military career.
What is the description of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	A film about the French general's youth and early military career.
description of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	A film about the French general's youth and early military career.
average of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	8.1
What is the average of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	8.1
average of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	8.1
number of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	6864
What is the number of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	6864
number of votes of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	6864
budget of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	FRF 20000000
What is the budget of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	FRF 20000000
budget of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	FRF 20000000
number of reviews from users of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	66.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	66.0
number of reviews from users of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	66.0
number of reviews from critics of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	44.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance	44.0
number of reviews from critics of Napoléon vu par Abel Gance?	44.0
title of Amici miei	Amici miei
What is the title of Amici miei	Amici miei
title of Amici miei?	Amici miei
year of Amici miei	1975
What is the year of Amici miei	1975
year of Amici miei?	1975
date of Amici miei	1976-06-04
What is the date of Amici miei	1976-06-04
date of Amici miei?	1976-06-04
genre of Amici miei	Comedy, Drama
What is the genre of Amici miei	Comedy, Drama
genre of Amici miei?	Comedy, Drama
duration of Amici miei	140
What is the duration of Amici miei	140
duration of Amici miei?	140
country of Amici miei	Italy
What is the country of Amici miei	Italy
country of Amici miei?	Italy
language of Amici miei	Italian
What is the language of Amici miei	Italian
language of Amici miei?	Italian
director of Amici miei	Mario Monicelli
Who is the director of Amici miei	Mario Monicelli
director of Amici miei?	Mario Monicelli
writer of Amici miei	Pietro Germi, Piero De Bernardi
Who is the writer of Amici miei	Pietro Germi, Piero De Bernardi
writer of Amici miei?	Pietro Germi, Piero De Bernardi
producer of Amici miei	R.P.A. Cinematografica
Who is the producer of Amici miei	R.P.A. Cinematografica
producer of Amici miei?	R.P.A. Cinematografica
actors of Amici miei	Ugo Tognazzi, Gastone Moschin, Philippe Noiret, Duilio Del Prete, Olga Karlatos, Silvia Dionisio, Franca Tamantini, Angela Goodwin, Milena Vukotic, Bernard Blier, Adolfo Celi, Marisa Traversi, Maurizio Scattorin, Edda Ferronao, Mario Scarpetta
Who are the principle actors of Amici miei	Ugo Tognazzi, Gastone Moschin, Philippe Noiret, Duilio Del Prete, Olga Karlatos, Silvia Dionisio, Franca Tamantini, Angela Goodwin, Milena Vukotic, Bernard Blier, Adolfo Celi, Marisa Traversi, Maurizio Scattorin, Edda Ferronao, Mario Scarpetta
Who are the actors of Amici miei	Ugo Tognazzi, Gastone Moschin, Philippe Noiret, Duilio Del Prete, Olga Karlatos, Silvia Dionisio, Franca Tamantini, Angela Goodwin, Milena Vukotic, Bernard Blier, Adolfo Celi, Marisa Traversi, Maurizio Scattorin, Edda Ferronao, Mario Scarpetta
Who are the main actors of Amici miei	Ugo Tognazzi, Gastone Moschin, Philippe Noiret, Duilio Del Prete, Olga Karlatos, Silvia Dionisio, Franca Tamantini, Angela Goodwin, Milena Vukotic, Bernard Blier, Adolfo Celi, Marisa Traversi, Maurizio Scattorin, Edda Ferronao, Mario Scarpetta
actors of Amici miei?	Ugo Tognazzi, Gastone Moschin, Philippe Noiret, Duilio Del Prete, Olga Karlatos, Silvia Dionisio, Franca Tamantini, Angela Goodwin, Milena Vukotic, Bernard Blier, Adolfo Celi, Marisa Traversi, Maurizio Scattorin, Edda Ferronao, Mario Scarpetta
description of Amici miei	Necchi (a bar owner), Perozzi (a journalist), Melandri (an architect) and Mascetti (a broken nobleman) live in Florence. They have been friends since their youngest years and spend every ...
What is the description of Amici miei	Necchi (a bar owner), Perozzi (a journalist), Melandri (an architect) and Mascetti (a broken nobleman) live in Florence. They have been friends since their youngest years and spend every ...
description of Amici miei?	Necchi (a bar owner), Perozzi (a journalist), Melandri (an architect) and Mascetti (a broken nobleman) live in Florence. They have been friends since their youngest years and spend every ...
average of votes of Amici miei	8.1
What is the average of votes of Amici miei	8.1
average of votes of Amici miei?	8.1
number of votes of Amici miei	6437
What is the number of votes of Amici miei	6437
number of votes of Amici miei?	6437
budget of Amici miei	nan
What is the budget of Amici miei	nan
budget of Amici miei?	nan
number of reviews from users of Amici miei	15.0
What is the number of reviews from users of Amici miei	15.0
number of reviews from users of Amici miei?	15.0
number of reviews from critics of Amici miei	11.0
What is the number of reviews from critics of Amici miei	11.0
number of reviews from critics of Amici miei?	11.0
